I know that there is somebody's workshop
taking place, I think in November,
so there's going to be like a facilities
module,
but it's the plan for asking it to be on
the ITSM.
Yes, well, I put.
Facilities management because you
mentioned it and I thought, oh,
we connect. So that's as we get started,
it's probably that unseen that
differentiation between them anyway.
You know,
I don't want to represent connect.
In the incorrect way when that facilities
management as well,
because another science as well,
you know it's connected subset of.
Facilities you fall under facilities.
I know you've got it.
Facilities manager at the minute going
I've got.
Certainly that workshop.
And then I'm assuming because Kinect will
be on the IP,
is it still easy enough to like transfer
tickets or like can I communicate between
because you can play a lot too,
you don't get.
It's actually for facilities like.
Yes, here. Is he going? Oh, it's a shave.
And that's the only name I remember.
Like they obviously get a lot at the
moment, you know,
saying and to them that is actually for
you know, facilities like or something,
something like that. Don't use names on.
Compensation charts online.
A while back. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
When Ashley was on there.
As well, yes.
Yeah.
An easier way, yeah.
It should help, but when you.
Well, the same kind of one act.
So you know, like, sorry,
my my wording might be wrong,
but you know,
like ask people are going to have like a
an HR module.
I don't is that the right thing modjo is
that.
The right word and.
Then all the other teams are going to be
on is it? Is it NTSM?
Is that what's called the one?
Aha.
OK.
Yeah. So connect will be on that.
1.
On the other, yeah.
Yeah,
it's gonna be individual ones each OK?
Yeah.
You will be able to transfer to customer
scenes.
Seats.
Yeah, when you're.
On ServiceNow you can assign and we
didn't get on to assignment groups,
but you can reassign, you know.
Try to think of it that it's not your
just your swim lane.
It starts there and stops there.
Very powerful and so you can actually as
you said.
I can now transfer facilities.
There's assignment group for them and
that could be automated through your
workflows as you said for managing
probably getting into more detail here,
but you can manage the room and things
need to be serviced or broken or that
room to be up to scratch.
You could trigger, you know, she said.
Light bulbs, cables,
catering and that just gets reassigned as
further tasks to them.
And you could get that whole transparency
that even though you're.
What we've done,
you can still see that they've actually
done that fix that you require them to do.
So if you,
if you needed that transparency that
you've got confidence.
There.
You missed up scratch.
So yeah,
if I can just jump in a little bit on
there.
So just as it would interact with
facilities, say for example, if they had,
they lost power to an office or something,
they'd expect facilities to go in an
action.
You know that same sort of mechanism
certainly from an instant perspective.
If something's broken, you'd expect.
You guys to be able to plug into that
standard process,
so you would just either through through
redirection of whatever tickets you get
or by just creating a ticket directly for
them to go in action.
There's a number of routes.
That,
that we would you know that we would
follow to enable you to have full
visibility seamless linking between the
issues that come through you and those
that maybe come back out the other way.
Quick question for me.
Do you ever do any sort of do you ever
get notified by facility say they lost
power to building, do they notify?
You guys,
as part of that or you know so that you
can manage your user community if you're
getting requesting I out looking out as
opposed to actions going into them?
But I wouldn't say because usually.
That type of status is quite far fetched
to be fair,
but they do have times where there is
planned outages and they'll let us know.
But that's security and it would let us
know to say Operation manager would let
us know that there is planned maintenance
and this is a scenario.
99%, we've never had anything like this.
It's extreme is that?
Right. OK.
Terms of anything that they're updating.
And things that want to be impacted by
your team,
let us know and then we will make sure we
let.
OK, cool. Thank you.
Should we just start?
You just refresh it. Let's see.
That's the online one.
On the online.
The visual URL, sorry.
You know,
that's something like if you just go back
into the data set.
Into the online you know our teams face.
Yeah, if that's OK.
So as we're finding it,
maybe you just say.
That differentiation between because.
You put a facility management.
And connect so that I can just ensure,
as you said the right terminology when
you're thinking I don't want to call
facilities.
That's disconnect and probably it's in.
It's very like maybe you just describe
the why or does it come under facilities
first question or is it separate entity
in its own right and why?
Yeah,
done in that way for partners that they
wanted to have a fast track in order to
get things done for them was that.
And there was all the service management,
we were probably facilities because all
the type of process that we had was
example for the engineer,
then security was brought in to share.
Essentially this year and then because of
the limitations Cheryl had within our
team, I think we had to share it.
So I think this is where that like we can
because we think with share.
One part of it is for NGN and the next
part so we can see that the implies what
sorry engineering right,
essentially in the pure. So All in all,
which will cleaners know that want to
security.
And even the reception team didn't want
to.
I cannot show that was.
Yeah. So they wanted to e-mail.
They didn't want any queries being
generated, so.
So again,
I wasn't part of that conversation,
but then so it was only engineering and
us, so we had.
A share well,
so I think they keep the shareable
facilities and then.
They said not everybody within it.
Yeah.
So that from the way we're in the shared.
Facilities one right, but be fair,
we we don't want to be separate.
Yeah.
Is that how you don't feel that you need
We.
to be on with?
Them like because I think.
John, maybe I should a question.
I went back and you were you were.
Yeah, I'm feeling.
Refusing don't need to be.
Eat.
No, there's not. No, we can.
Essentially just shell tickets. Be direct,
yeah, so.
Like 19? Yeah,
even though the contract bills,
they should be.
Right. OK. OK.
Do you have a lot of communication with
other ask teams like?
If it's going back and forth.
It's real.
It was slightly different just because we
were focused on fixing problem.
We share essentially.
Not once here. Well,
but we speak to the deception. London.
Team.
Catering team in London and we speak to
the AB team. I mean,
physically is not for e-mail.
Yes teams and.
More, but none of them so.
Like and.
All UK based Australia don't have the
equivalent.
But they have they have in terms of the
Ask Complera, you mean or just us.
So for example Sydney,
they have in house but they they team
they have Katyn, yeah.
Right. I don't know.
If they are all enhanced or just TV is,
but that's receptions are outsourced
security.
And sourced kittens outsourced.
And I was.
Just thinking about managing it as a
service to have full transparency as
chance,
do you know if you think about
roombooking in Australia that happens,
doesn't it? You know, who manages that?
So essentially we managed their own
bookings of future on the day as
reception, so like.
Here or London?
Yeah. So.
Can we get a rerout to a team?
That's not on ServiceNow.
How did that work?
For for CDBG and so on the same day
bookings, if it's future,
Yeah.
so say I wanted to put something for
tomorrow,
would I come to you or would I right, OK,
so literally same day.
So that we just did.
Then we'd have to go to reception to book
this room. But you actually.
Not classical, no, but classical.
Is definitely that classical stuff.
In London, yes. You want anything?
On the day.
In.
What's the reception?
And in Glasgow.
For anything future and on the same day.
And it's interesting,
Yes.
conversation is obviously want to get to
Apple going and standing.
You know what we can do, I suppose.
Probably what I'm getting is self-service,
so why people can't book their own rooms?
This is a conversation I don't know.
We want to talk about later in the day
with integration, so.
Yeah.
I've already started the conversation
going where intimation you.
Mentioned Mark you.
I wasn't on the call on Friday,
was it MRI for scanning company like he?
In London and eventually every office in
Ashers are going to have a thing called
NTR Rooms.
Which essentially means that you can send
teams like.
Straight to that.
Room. Yes. So again,
it does streamlining process,
removing the manual steps or even any
human interaction problem that we have
for London.
Because they have actually have the NDTR
rooms.
Is that the systems does speak to each
other,
so when they create a teams link and they
see I want this room, we need to check.
Yeah.
Two systems,
so we need to check a note calendar and
then consider the MRI.
Sorry to make sure the rooms align is the
correct meeting and that the team was
like is on the correct meeting.
So what the MRI contract,
we have integration in it.
So I've had conversations to see is.
8 hours integration.
That's how long it's going to take. Very,
very cheap because we already have
contract and it works via outlook.
So it's just a plug in. Yeah.
And then essentially the form is on teams,
yeah, sorry on outlook. So now that line,
what do you need in terms of catering?
Yeah, Leo, attendees,
teams link and then they book it that way
through to us for approval because I
managed space.
It's going to then approve that no emails.
So it wouldn't come through.
So it would.
Be be at Outlook and again it's just
because reception have access to MRI.
I've been seeing have access to MRI to
book rooms and the LND department, so.
There's more than one team have access to
put rooms and we have this two.
We think anything that's booked in jumbo,
anything smooth changed and updated will
be deflected and that host calendar, yeah.
And I know service now have hundreds of
you know as they've expanded their
portfolio over the years all these.
Club cases are.
Direct that we'll have an action to have
a look at that.
Direct integration because it just sounds
like there's a lot.
Of.
It's not approved yet.
Back and forth so.
The process we have to manually do it.
On every OK.
And when that's a project that you're
working through, yeah,
assessing from the NT albums,
which are all.
Been.
Refreshed so.
They're wanting to know.
There's a lot.
Of potential as well so.
Somebody who can just press that button
and that so that we're looking at the
integration as well,
just to help solve any human errors,
any mistakes?
Joining codes that they shouldn't.
Yeah. And obviously.
What shows on the meeting invites?
So that's why.
It's not fully went live yet,
still looking at all the.
Yes.
Yeah. And presumably for the.
Client ones you know,
they've got to feel confident that their.
Confidentiality. Would that mean?
Is dealt with almost exclusively.
Do you know?
What the figured problem is women's
change so much in London,
so we need to speak with that and get the
processes so.
They can change 10 times.
Up to 10 times.
Yeah.
Who comes first etc.
And essentially hierarchy.
Requesting like you know,
I've seen another legal firms,
we have the same issue.
We infer my bucket.
It's usually because there's something
that works better in a room.
This is usually there's something about
if there's a fight for A room.
Or a preference for a roommate,
because I don't know the audio is better,
the layout is better, it's more spacious,
or there's more light in the room.
I never find it.
Because.
That's my room. You know,
it's not like Sheldon's spot.
So is this stuff that's.
Lacking in the.
Other rooms that no, no. So.
Very very small. So OK, so there's a.
Brief opinion, OK.
But one of the partners?
So we've got to move everything that's in
that certain room if you want.
So give me 5 Jenkins.
Paul Jenkins only sent to room 411.
We look to everything.
And.
So it's the changes.
I mean, Mark,
can you probably interject this,
but you can have sort of a room set up
you know,
so room name you know so some of that can
be systemized where there's this metrics.
It will all to assign a room for people
based on what rooms they like East facing
West facing light.
That table round table, not square tech,
whatever their purpose is.
I understand that there is probably.
Their preferences, as you said, it's not.
It's not their room, but it's their room.
I don't care, but that that sort of thing.
Yes, yes.
You probably over the year could see this
person was always in that room.
Not saying that should be the way forward,
but we could certainly look.
Primary.
List where if they want to go to rooms,
it's defaulted to them for example.
Hey. Oh, it's time. It's not.
Available.
This is the problem.
Last minutes,
other people got it and then we're moving
people out into it.
That's why we give them.
Yeah.
And I suppose there is that modelling
good.
Behaviour of you know.
Rooms are neutral and then,
but I completely understand that actually
there is a hierarchy.
Are there rules we can put?
You find that the exactly right.
So to get these groups right?
So this is what I can do so.
There are no known 4040 have accepted.
Of course, yeah.
I'd love to.
Put those in.
Place,
but is there ones where we can say we
know there's a hierarchy and I think,
Mark?
Can help with this.
That's what we're just saying about the
skills matrix that you can if it if they
need that room. Mm-hmm.
You'll be auto alerted.
Yeah, it's not like an actual.
Of the structure of move, you know,
there was the notification.
That's the power of it, yes.
If facilities if facilities manage their
buildings and their assets and you
actually track rooms as assets because
you can do that in enterprise asset
module,
then you start to sort of have an
association with that asset regularly
users.
The thing for me though is that the.
There's sort of a financial justification.
If it's someone's just personal
preference,
but it causes you guys failure demand
because the moment they go,
I want that room and if it's already
booked, you can't go. Sorry,
it's booked here, have an equivalent one.
If the technology within that room's the
same and if they kick off that for me and
that causes you like.
1015 moves of all these other people
shuffling around for me,
I think that's something that
organizationally the leadership,
seniors need to think about,
whether that's something that they want
to promote because what you permit you
promote and the issue for me here is that
None.
you, you guys,
you guys in essence do something.
Multitude of times because of that
behavioural pattern that is permitted.
So it might be actually that we we look
towards you know the organisational
change team or or up to the leadership to
say actually.
Is this the right thing to be permitting?
And if it is,
and if someone wants that room,
then actually what you do is you say,
well, you're going to reserve that room,
it's allocated to you,
but you're going to pay for it, right?
So there's other things you can do,
albeit wooden dollars. But, you know,
there's a number of things.
So if facilities track the room and the
room is.
Assigned to an individual because they
always want that room, you know,
ready for them.
Then you basically just allocate it to
them and and you know,
they sort of take ownership of it at a
fee. Just, you know, I'm getting at.
I think there's things that we should be
able to push for you because it's just.
I don't think that would work because
they.
Don't use it regularly enough.
It's just maybe last minute.
Yeah.
And then we're having to like.
Lock back other people who can use the
room on a day-to-day basis just because
they.
Want to use it once?
A month that wouldn't work.
Right. So I'll just give you.
So, so therefore, so therefore,
if it won't work,
therefore they if you give them an
equivalent room that's got all of the
right facilities in,
they should just suck it up and use the
room rather than you have to move person
X, then person Y and then person.
That is, that is that.
Well, we should be challenged. You should.
We should use this opportunity to
challenge.
Yeah.
Well, would you know what that is?
A good opportunity.
It's not better not come from me because
we've tried this.
Yeah.
Last year we found out the higher part of
I.
London who wish to book.
And for whatever reason and our higher
partners is I need the room from my
Let's see.
flight. You can't have it for your client.
So that's spiralled to leading to this
part.
Partner one.
Partner one,
the lower partner spiralling site.
This massive e-mail to.
Office London management partner to see
lesson that we put procedures in place.
And client needs come first.
I'd even remember the structures client
meet ends interviews pro bono.
Yeah.
That's like, yeah.
Entertainment associate decline,
but maybe that's best spoken,
Miss Katrina. Maybe.
But it was like it's a fear and those
clients. So yeah, we need that assurance.
So we did try that.
It went straight to the higher the
highest person in London and it came back
saying first come first.
And So what I said to the team was I said
what service?
Now we want to cut out the middleman,
which is us,
where the room availability comes in.
Yeah. So we would suggest that, you know,
what change the hierarchy. You can go.
You can. You can challenge it.
Now.
As you said,
there could be some rooms that would take
Yes.
this room. For example,
you don't just have. You know,
maybe we could categorise the type of
meeting that, as you said,
the clients training you know and that's
probably where it starts.
You've got we know the portfolio of the
rooms.
OK,
last year and monthly and you can sort to
set set some rules that this meeting room
can only be for the clients.
What this meeting room can only be for?
I think you.
Know something that?
Now.
We have because we have a lot of internal
trainings that because the client and
that walls around us moving a lot of
their interest to feel the.
Client and so they weren't allowed on the.
4th floor. If we could do that, yeah.
It's it's really,
really different from so, but.
That's a good place to start because you
can start to categorise your as.
Yeah, yeah, she's not. But yeah,
one question.
I think Mark alluded to is that it seems
as an asset and you start to categorise
it.
So it has a high value. Again,
we don't speak it up term,
but it has a high value client like you
know,
I'd quite like to sit in here some days
just to get a bit of space for for my
emails, but no W can't,
but it does set those rules of.
This is the purpose of this room,
you know.
It's it's a tool, isn't it?
So you're using this room for that
particular tool.
That is really good one. If not,
because not name and names but as a
partner in London.
Just just, I'll let you know,
maybe just have a balance.
Yes.
Exactly so. So yes,
because he likes the atmosphere of that
room, yes.
He needs to be on his own when he's
Saturday's lunch, even though we.
Have a room in London for lunch for the
partners.
Famous is the opportunity because NFS
Computer says no.
That's a very good place to start.
If we could, you know,
we know all the room numbers,
but they're fixed.
Yeah.
They don't move and we can start to
categorise them. And then as you said,
Yeah.
let the system be the gatekeeper.
I've also I've I've also seen if it helps,
some organisations will do it via the
Not.
invitees,
so if you've got 12 invitees on your your
list,
it'll automatically move forwards the
rooms that have the 12 seats.
So if there's only two of you.
And you try and book a 24 seater room or
whatever it is you.
You just won't even see it as being
available to you.
It would only bring forward those
appropriate to your now the challenge you
have is obviously if if as a user of that
system you suddenly invite another couple
of people, then it's.
Down to you to restructure,
because if you don't say I've got four
people,
what you want the system to say is the
room you've got isn't appropriate.
Here's here's some options.
Yeah, I mean.
So we would we would need to be clever in
terms of how we shape that and how we
structure that.
But that would prevent some of those
folks who are just a single invitee book
in A room.
Yeah.
So we could start with category of room,
a capacity of room, you know, CB4.
Do we have?
Like have dedicated like training or like
422.
So like say if people are saying it's for
training I think you don't see the
availability all that room and that fees.
Up and it's not long before.
That's the move training.
That's the room and you can.
Have the layouts be probably laughing at.
At the morning.
The time and.
Other stories,
but we'll just we'll just for we've
actually just returned 422 to the actual
central booking system after a fight.
Because it's one of the more softer rooms
again.
The workshop that we were.
Yeah. So we have taken that back again.
Just because there's more approved this
is.
Can you look music stone or like,
what is the appetite for external?
Do you know?
I know it's cost,
but then if you know that like so,
we've got a similar issue and especially
London being expensive,
I don't think you're running training
every week.
If I'm honest, but.
If you're running.
Training. Let's say once 1/4 per key.
Yeah.
To save.
I don't know have a headset so.
Yes. What is the?
Same time. Yeah, the problem.
So there's maybe like four or five teams
running away in between 12:00 and 1:00
and they're all over inflating their
numbers,
so they'll say it's 30 people and they
can't show up or.
Maybe it's mark in your homework. No,
you do the check on it. Actually,
you booked the room and Mark's what he's
saying. Like,
wouldn't dollars look penalty's not
paying for the room, but actually.
We'll start modelling good behaviour.
Yeah, but you booked it. Actually,
these are the amount of people that
checked into the room when we have AI
checked into that room sort of facility.
And they were really 50% under. You know,
you can start to get service down gives
you great data that you can start to see
this insight that retrospectively.
All these issues you're talking about,
you know,
like we will hopefully if you said to me,
Deb,
actually eating your lunch in here was
not really.
You started the old, you know,
after a while it does sink in that if
you're correct it.
Everybody knows that you're doing that.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
And nobody else is doing that, it's.
You.
Could start to use that insight to
correct behaviour.
You know checking in the number of people
that actually checked into training,
for example on that.
Another another thing you can do if it
helps is to if for any reason you do
consume an external source room or
whatever and you know the cost of that,
what you can do is you can use that as a
benchmark cost and equivalent size room
internally. So by using.
I think so. If you go, you know,
sometimes it'll be, I don't know,
100 an hour.
Let's just make it 100 an hour for,
you know,
an 8 seater room in some sensible
location and you've got 8 seater rooms.
What you can do is you can arbitrarily
say.
If you know not fulfilling this room
means that the organisation might be
spending someone else in the organisation
might be spending, you know,
so you can you can,
although you you can't, you know,
pull the cost lever.
You can do an indicative view because
what that also means is it say I was
booking a room and I knew typically what.
It would cost locally to do that and I
couldn't get a room.
At least I could budget for it.
And then maybe maybe take action myself.
Right.
So you've got it enables your customers
1:00 to be able to effectively book two
enables you to stop some of the bad
behaviour and it makes it a little bit
more transparent about the options.
They potentially will face if they can't
get the location or the room,
or the facilities that they want.
I mean, it's a good point.
It's bad if you say, Mark,
Some.
this room has a value of X which is call
it 100.
The default number and it had one person
and the meeting was called, you know,
had no client name in.
You could as said that the person you
start to add.
The reason for and the booking is your
insight. You know it's very informal,
but you can get this metrics that
actually there was one person in there
eating their lunch or there was 20 people
doing training and it costs.
So that could be for each of the rooms.
1.
We can start to give a price, capacity.
And the categories it can be useful,
but at least it's a good.
Short employees, but it's flexible.
It's the bad behaviour,
is frustrating and it's just because of
essentially the services they can get.
So we have the weekly internal team.
They can have an APE laptop,
so this is where it is.
We've challenged us over the years.
Recently I suggested for London that all
internal meetings with kids and go to the
third floor.
Yeah.
Due to the kitchen media and that was one
of the main priorities,
kitchen on the 3rd floor was easy to
develop food etcetera,
but due to the fianna's on that floor it
was.
Because they don't want anybody outside
the.
I think then yeah, because it's yeah.
So that was at all.
It would have the capacity.
For KM and for second floor,
they don't ask for address.
So,
and I think walls for each walls for each
room. So I just said 4th floor can have,
you know it was something to build a.
Matrix.
Here so that this client maybe you don't
just get catering,
the fact that you've booked the 4th floor.
You know that's against the rules of that
particular time of meeting,
so maybe there are, I don't know,
if team meetings are entitled to catering.
The RFP.
OK, so there's some rules there.
So meeting with cost code equals access
to catering meetings without Costco,
even though you might be on the 4th floor.
No jumping up and down that it might be.
I've always been on the 4th floor.
I always get my.
Catering or order of my.
I think 15 people.
There's like 3 people who have scheduled
their meet at the same time, Steve.
I just ordered like a day.
It would make it so much easier,
but it's closer.
Booking it all at the exact same point.
So then we're having names across the
large meeting rooms which if they could
choose a age then that would help us,
we could put that back.
I mean, yeah, that's.
Yeah, this is. This is the challenges,
your challenges evening out the capacity
right in in sort of IT terms demand
versus capacity just as you save if the
communications if teams sort of learnt to
not all try and have their team meeting
on a Monday sucking up all of the meeting
rooms, but you sort of.
You're able to take the view to stagger
it or whatever,
and some of those messaging again it's
it's,
you know through through the behavioural
pattern of the booking you'd like to
think that they'd get to that position
where they'd start to even it out.
Airlines used to,
I mean like remember airlines,
were these overbooked by 10% if they're
seats and then they would almost give
Thank you.
somebody a reward if you move. Yeah.
You know,
you could have two extra flights if you
know there's an incentive.
Not suggesting this,
but you could be that actually why don't
you we've got this capacity if we need
some adjust.
Ment is it possible?
I know that possibly bundled up two days
back in a week mandatory.
Is that right and these?
Then you bought your 3.
That everyone, if they could say,
actually we're going to do, you know.
A good Wednesday.
Tuesday, Wednesday. Well, you know,
come into, we're going to adjust it.
There was room for because it's not
regulatory or compliance, is it? They can.
They're not bound by a day, you know,
certain things may be in finance.
You're bound on a particular day.
You have to do it because you're
regulated.
But internal team meetings there is that
flexibility.
As a change that suggested.
Yes, as I can't.
Hear him training but like they.
Could like,
but even if it's like once at 9 ones at
lunch and.
One's good.
Yeah.
Afternoon.
You can only use 422 at all with the
exact same point,
especially in months as with clients,
yeah.
So you've got an option though.
If you've got. If you still get morning,
mid, morning, afternoon.
This probably you could try the.
Day.
In three and you've got three days.
There's nine options for them to say,
you know can.
Yeah.
Is there a possibility and which one if
you would like to model good behaviour
first you know.
Pulled out for, you know.
Obviously it sounds.
They'll do it.
If it just keep then you could have like
you just change their days.
Yeah. Which I'll bunch breakfast or lunch,
and obviously the facilities as well
because on.
The 4th floor.
They don't have to use them on laptop,
so for the Council that Council training
previously would have to take their own
laptop.
Presentation.
Oh, I see. So you can still work and.
I'll catch you.
So the 4th.
Floor. They can have a room laptop,
so that's one of the again services.
Simply.
Do they? Could they? I mean, that's.
Pushing back, do they?
Could they bring the room laptop?
Yes.
OK,
so there's an opportunity sort of there
that you?
Could.
Streamline and could just bring your own
laptop. I mean, that's not for this remit,
but part of that conversation.
On laptop.
The only thing I'm thinking is.
To make the possible less special,
and it's nice. But if we try and make it,
if we reduce a disparity between the
other meeting grades, that might.
Be just EV. Don't want to give them to.
The.
Board. So we've added so they won't.
Just not a genius.
Yeah, like some nice sunshines.
Yeah,
but we've got some quick wins that you
got.
As you said, training we.
Could.
It's working our system, you know.
Is it possible we're looking at this?
OK.
Use the system. You know,
we're modelling the system.
It's part of the trial.
Can we showcase moving free training our
meetings over?
The course of three days or three times
in the day it's worth a challenge.
It's actually.
Or is it more occasional like it's normal?
Yeah. I think listening to it, I think.
What we're trying to, Sophie,
is a cultural.
Issue, aren't we?
And technology doesn't fix culture.
Wonderful as it has,
No.
but I think there are.
I think the key thing is for Mark is
talking about with the dollars approach
where we can actually show.
The cost of the culture,
because that's when you can then build
some consensus around how do we want to
actually behave and and treat each other
Yes, you must get more points, yes.
Yeah, yeah.
and then then the system can help.
Yes, you know.
Model the behaviour,
but I think fundamentally it's a culture
problem and.
But what? Sorry I was in support of that.
One of the things we need to do is even
Yep, no.
even if you,
even if we can't necessarily shift the
behaviours,
it's about level of transparency and what
it impacts on the organisation, right?
The people effort,
I I talk a lot about failure demand IE
the things.
You have to do because someone's done
something or hasn't done something
properly or whatever it is, it's you know,
and if organisations really saw the VAT,
the the sort of cost of that and with the
impact on their overall bottom line,
you'd see behaviours change.
But it's so it's so invisible to the
audience, it just happens. Whatever.
You're just an overhead. And it just,
you know, no one considers that, you know,
if in in other less can I put this less
cash rich, maybe organisations or less,
you know, wealthy organisations.
They'd be all over this like a rash
because they can't afford not to be
because they can't afford to have people
doing stuff to, you know, nursemaid.
Those that can't, you know,
book meetings properly and blah, blah,
blah. Right.
So I think you've got two things,
I think 1.
We use the systems to do that.
Transparency cost per seat cost per
whatever it is, cost. If you have a loan,
a laptop in included in that package for
that room,
things like that to get that value.
But then I think the second thing is we
have to take it up the leadership line to
say we're investing all this effort to
try to control.
Because people are saying I want that one,
you know that type of mindset, right?
Do you know what I mean? And.
And that's what you're fighting. Yeah. So.
So when we look at this,
we should be building a bit of a picture
that says Sid and crew right up the stack.
These are some of the bold conversations
you've got to be having.
With the folks about and the impacts it
has on the organisation and then if they
say yeah, but we're happy to fund it,
then that becomes a different story then
it becomes a system management.
How do we make it easy?
And then if they get if you're producing
your demand volume and you're saying well,
you know last week we.
We will operate in 120% because we got
loads of moves etcetera,
we could do with another player on the
ground.
They shouldn't argue with that because
you've got the metrics to say,
this is what you're costing.
And if you want that service,
then you have to pay for it.
And you're, I mean,
it sounds like it's always in reactive
mode. It's not.
You can use the system to at least be
proactive on the starting point here,
you know,
because on an aeroplane that analogy
again, there is only one a seat.
That's by the door. Quick exits.
You know they can't shuffle everybody
around when you're on the flight.
You know there is.
And they set those rules.
And to Mark's point that if you want that
seat, you pay a bit more.
And if you want it this seat, you know,
bit more leg when you pay a bit more,
you know.
There is that culture that they couldn't
believe it when my airline started to do
that. What I can, you know,
choose my seat. And I have to pay more.
You know that type of thing.
But it's part of our mindset now,
but we certainly categorise those rooms
at the 1st.
Points which might be useful starting
points.
Yes,
I'm thinking I'm thinking that the
approval that's coming into mind,
so if they go into the template,
Yeah.
is that on the form and it's actually
just an internal room, but they.
Yep.
Want the four?
Foot we go and say. Yeah. Yeah.
So that's probably the first.
Approver.
Yeah.
Yeah. And I understand that.
You you are a law firm and there's
partners and they're generating. Look,
I understand that that's the, you know,
it's not a restaurant and we're.
Of of all catering or booking rooms and
the model is there to see and there's
bringing the money.
It's an authorised managing.
I would.
Their ability to do that 80% billing,
90% billing, making it easy,
they can hit the ground running every
single day.
But there are other walls that we could
put in place that that they could be.
They the partner could eat his lunch in a
different space.
You know, I think what,
what the process was requesting it was
booked by three different parties
different times.
So we would then approach these to these
people.
So.
We can't be that person. We don't have.
We don't have the team to do it.
I think we need to pass the ball,
so if they can come in and say let's look
at this room and such and such as booked,
we would see and unfortunately.
That's all.
Yeah. Call yeah.
So that's the way we're working.
Because you've got my favourite child,
sanchos.
Operations committed to me and partners
because see,
we need that from even though they've
done the process,
they've escalated that and it's contacted
to me.
Again, it's will never, probably.
Yeah, but you shouldn't be.
If they're negotiating.
If they want to basically chivvy somebody
out room, they have to,
they have to have the conversation and
they the only way that you do the change
is they've got evidence of an e-mail
agreement or whatever it is that that
person says I move.
So you almost need to go talk to the hand.
You need to be able to sort of, say,
talk to the hand.
You haven't done the negotiation because
you're not.
Oh.
It's not your job to go into battle.
Now if they're saying it is,
then that's again,
that's a different cost model.
That's a different structural piece that
needs to sit in the organisation because.
You know it,
it sucks up hours negotiating with
certainly seniors. You know,
I've seen it in,
in other organisations where it becomes
an absolute pain in the proverbials
because you just backwards and forwards
backwards and forwards until finally
someone escalates and they fold.
Because that's in essence, what happens,
isn't it?
And it's honestly right up to the last
minutes of that. Actually,
I'm in the room. I'm not moving. Yes,
you know, I'm actually, I'm not even.
I'm not going.
So I can imagine that at that point for
repetitive, whatever it might be.
But I know we're going slightly off,
but certainly.
I don't know. I mean,
we've talked about owners of processes,
owners of data owners,
but maybe there isn't not.
But I'm suggesting that there is owners
of a room as well that they can book it.
I mean probably in your report from the
last year.
We could start to say actually this
person has always, you know,
you can start to get a structure and
these I know that these bonds are
probably particularly noisy.
They take up a lot of your time for that
reactive mode rather than it's just a
room. Can you not sit?
In the room.
But I understand that they're they
probably like to set the seat.
They know that they want to set. See,
maybe for a client or a meeting and stand
their ethos. You know, it has to be right.
I mean,
particularly like this room that sets the
scene.
Sorry.
OK.
If there is a stand off is.
It.
Do you then have to become the arbitrator?
Do you escalate it or do you?
Say you need to.
So I see a team should be sleeping.
See who was booked at and leave it at.
We would see come back to us when it's
been moved, approved, etcetera.
Then we can rebook it and then look all
and argue themselves.
Depending on the outcome and the case,
So what happens is most of the females
head of operations are coming and then I
will say.
And then if I can't do that,
I pass back and say it needs to go above.
But don't get.
Me wrong.
It's it's not like that all the time.
Yeah, I mean, this is what we're seeing,
but these are the ones.
Once a month.
Siobhan yeah, probably.
At least once.
OK. Yeah.
A week. But they take up what I'm saying.
They're noisy,
Oh yeah.
they're very reactive and noisy,
and probably, as you say,
goes from 1:00 to 1:00, Simon. And again,
this is where the system will come in
that we can start to set some rules.
And reduce that noise.
There'll always be that partner.
That's what paper scissors.
Is anybody out on the situation? They.
Actually acknowledge that behaviour is
failed with the PNS.
Do they actually realise like they're
really doing it? That makes sense,
I think it's.
Select.
Like.
I hope he wants to be the PE that goes
back.
Yeah,
it's visa and she goes to kind of someone,
Yeah. And if he's be trying to,
but here we know exactly how we feel it.
yeah.
They know it's coming.
We do it.
Yeah, of course.
Essentially, we can move this,
but you need to approach some,
but that that is a worst case scenario.
At least, for instance,
it's like a client wanted for an internal
like training machine.
Basically it's hierarchy.
You need to move. Basically,
these clients want more than you come in
Yeah, yeah.
at that point,
but if it's client versus client then
something like tell us, yeah.
Yeah, that's difficult.
I'm sorry.
I was sorry I took the reason I asked
because I was wondering whether we need
to define some sort.
Of.
Escalation process if you guys need to
trigger that and sell us competing
request,
here is the process because there may be
a legitimate reason like you say.
Or whether that is something that you
just don't duck to your hands with and
you say listen, we.
We're not gonna hold this. I was like,
there may be situations when you do
actually to trigger an escalation and at
that point probably protects you to say
this is the escalation procedure.
This is who goes to.
And that's the decision maker.
And we take the output of that.
Decision and it's the force for.
The only time you have.
And what's the?
No. Why is it just? It's just.
Yeah, I can't see. Yeah. Yeah.
So you've got.
Interestingly, sorry, Deb,
just kind of pick up on that escalation.
Interestingly enough, again,
I'm still going back to my sort of
history.
It's a it's a slightly different context,
but it's it was a pharmaceutical company
and they were lab stations and they were
good lab stations and not and this
organisation,
the teams who managed the lab stations
used to have an an.
Escalation record.
So what they would do is they would open
a record that they'd had to escalate,
that had to start time,
and then it goes through all the process
and they'd catch all the people that were
involved in the screaming match, right.
And then they closed that record,
but then they would cost it based upon
organisational structural cost. So what?
They started to do is able to think and
they had a they had a cost for lost
science,
so they would cost the downtime for the
person not being able to get to lab to do
the bit that they needed to do and the
cost of the leadership's time.
To do an escalation and when they started
to expose the level escalation,
the behaviour started to shift because
they had the start of the record,
they had an escalation record.
They could track opening of it and
conclusion of it,
and therefore they had an hour, you know,
a time.
Lag and also it helped the team who
managed the lab stations manage their
demand because they could show how much
time they were spending on some of the
petty exchanges because people you know
were being I like the one by the window
type behaviour.
I'll kid you now.
But I think there's an opportunity like
training could be presumably legit.
That's a regular schedule event.
So we've got an opportunity to manage
that.
Actually if they're in a particular room.
They don't get trumped by a client
meeting that might be a an opportunity.
You can select A room that actually in
its room type is always for training
that's been parked.
So that might help not having to remove
them.
And there's probably similar rooms for.
You know, you know,
and there's a wide issue is it do you
think you're coming into do you think you
need a room these?
Are.
The type it's that once room types of
rather than, it's just a free for.
You can have anything you like.
Actually these have been set as
categories.
That's probably a mindset that we can
start embedding.
And when they start to book a room,
if it's for, you know,
set your what's it for?
And these are the only rooms available to
you. I mean, the system, as you say,
could be the first gatekeeper of.
That see if obviously I'm all serious now
can say permission, so obviously.
The 300. Yeah. Great.
We try not to put external clients in
Yep.
them. Yeah, Even so again,
there is no set in place because
FM.
essentially I've removed that from the
team. So obviously, Ashley.
That was there. We had.
To get the approval, we.
Took it then back,
but we had to copy some sort of agreement.
So can we put in place where they can't
put any further advance in four weeks for
training week, right?
Of course, getting up. You could do that.
Yeah, those rules that they can't just,
you know, I've got this for a year,
you know, and that's it. You know,
I might not ever use it so that the
system. Yeah.
Yeah, we took the same.
Call, but more than sorry,
say for partners if they want a
particular group, say the PE,
you kind of know when you're coming in.
So I think it's for certain rooms that
can only book like the day in advance.
If they want a meeting room with our
client.
And then if they want on client floor,
I think it's no more than a week in
advance.
But it actually helped because they knew
when they were.
See that and it stopped the top Trump
behaviour.
But it's probably more painful to P.
It's basically a PE,
are probably the group that we might want
to speak to in terms of what the customer,
make sure whatever we're proposing,
whether it's the rules and stuff is
actually feasible.
Because you know, something like,
is that planning advance that I know that
we.
All do. We're busy. Wake up.
In in the morning,
what does my calendar look like? OK.
What is that?
If you that sort of Friday night admin
looking at your task then I can sort of
see the week ahead of you know it's that
mindset the week ahead of me and then
booking the rooms you know rather than
this last minute.
And they don't forget that they've
actually called their own Facebook. Yes.
And so then.
We'll send them like.
Yes, yes.
The check and then,
but I'll just cancel it so it's not even
needed. It's just, yeah,
they're booking it just to.
Have it so we can put all that in place.
You know, you said maybe for.
Yes, we still have.
Non clients also non clients non training.
External you know those.
So there's probably a subset of those
internal meetings.
I would like it because that they can't
block book or it can only be 55 working
days in advance or.
So.
Special.
Before it's,
I know that I did it for this because
Yeah.
it's a project.
And what you can do,
what you can do is you can have unique
permissions for say,
your team who could book some.
So if I say I'm scheduling,
I've got a client coming over who's
flying over from somewhere. You know,
I need to arrange that and it might be
3-4 weeks in advance.
There's a mechanism where they can
request a future book,
which means that your team or controlled
group only has the ability to book beyond
and outside that window and again,
ServiceNow can structure a whole stack of
those you know,
through user group controls as to who has
permissions to do certain things,
but you can again, it's just about.
Trying to regain some of that control.
So where something is scheduled, as I say,
there will be times almost certain where
there'll be, you know,
something booked ahead that's critical
that they need a mechanism to be able to
say, can I secure that?
Because I've got party of 16 coming over
for this session. They're flying all in.
Blah blah blah.
You're not dissimilar for what we do with
our workshops. For example,
with those flights.
And those things were planned number of
weeks in advance.
You guys have the ability through a
control group,
certain people can book that outside and
over and above.
But you have a mechanism when they're
requesting it.
To actually raise that as a request to
say, please can you book me something?
But again,
it puts you on the front foot because
you're in, it's a proactive control.
I think you.
Make sense?
Yeah, definitely.
I think the escalation,
when I think there's a lot of people that
can't shout and then you guys are be in
the middle when you're picking the middle,
who do you shout and say actually I need
help.
OK, so I would.
Probably.
Fix the problem just because I probably
had a good relationship.
Thanks.
And they know what's gonna happen if it's
higher up,
they know eventually it's gonna lead to,
you know, moving or.
Maybe.
This is nothing you're going to.
Just thinking,
in the future we we are trying to make
the Nirvana here and what we're Nirvana
be for your explanation or we'll try and
stop things obviously coming down the
track but down the straight.
Yeah, we first come first serve.
Isn't it?
I suppose, yeah.
That would be all.
Requests just an update.
2827.
Special.
Was it like the Olympics or something?
No, no.
It's a.
Yeah.
Definitely.
I've really really like the idea of the
rooms in place. Yes, escalations again,
we could probably talk about that,
but I guess it's not all the time, so.
I said it's once or twice a week.
You said it's one.
Sort of question.
I'm probably not to the point of.
Escalates eventually through to.
Me. Oh, swaps are all the like basic ones.
Deal with that. They shouldn't.
They're gonna.
But the rules might prevent these. I mean,
you're literally putting these rules in
place.
There could be notifications back when
they book the room on that the and to
prevent those escalations, you know,
escalation is at the last resort. So.
But these rules are there so that it
Yeah.
actually takes them through lounge.
As well, yeah.
So I would love because we have a lot of
emails to say, can we check?
1550 weeks. I'm ******* check 50 dates.
Aye. So available.
Sorry 50 days.
And then you want to be provisionally
booked. Half of those states.
So if we had those in place to say no,
you can have three days only. Yeah.
I'm sad as yes also.
All those, all those rules we can put in,
you know,
and already those user stories are coming
out today and this is this is what we're
talking about.
User stories is that the scenarios real
life scenarios that the system can do the
heavy lifting for you.
So.
So you can.
Only do the following.
You can't just blanket room and only use
because units for this blanket room block
book and it becomes unavailable.
But actually I only wanted it between
10:00 and 11:00 so it prevents it from
being used by anybody else,
but actually it streamlines that.
Actually from those block bookings if
they didn't do it in that way.
50 percent, 70% more capacity.
So all of that can be upfront,
we can set that the matrix behind the
scenes and type through size of the room.
Maybe an owner of that room.
If you look at an annual report from last
year who sat where and what actually felt.
And we can start. Yeah,
doing those rules up front and then it
gets signed and then they can book it
accordingly and then movement can be
booked.
So you're not even having to have the
query. I mean, that's.
Ideally and.
Are you suggesting that?
People self-serve.
Self-serve and put the ring themselves on
the portal.
Or do you still want them to call?
That was the composition.
What intention? Yes, that's yes.
So, right.
Just for me.
To.
Understand from a change perspective.
Yeah. So.
The the NTR project was essentially to
remove bookings from our team and they
would be able to put their own rooms via
room Finder.
So obviously that floor would only need
that floor.
And then it was down to the project
manager to put an escalations to see who
would be able to accept those.
Generally,
but that is Grant midway through because
of the possible.
Adverse.
Ity was the NTR rooms, so they had to put.
Back into the teams procession,
but with integration,
OK.
there would be again.
They've got to locate them permissions,
so we basically just book at room and
that's it and tell them.
So at the moment,
so if we take all the queries coming to
you, I want this date,
this number of people for this time. OK,
you know and because you know it's on the
4th floor. So that's how.
All.
Your currently the room booking comes.
You have to do all the room bookings for
every room.
There's no self-serve of anybody,
even though it's in their calendar.
They then type. Actually,
we're in the public semi invites route,
room number TBC and then once you've
approved the update,
they update the invite based on the room,
yes. OK.
Maybe we should,
but in the process we've got lots of at
the moment you've got.
I saw that there was put up to internal
rooms.
I think there's external processes and if
you do the internal,
you'll have the times one room.
One date, one activity or one client.
Is that how it comes into?
Then you have one.
1.
Meeting or multiple dates in.
Same people.
So we've got a booking things,
a SharePoint form,
OK introduced probably two years ago.
OK, perfect.
Again,
because they want to prevent the
information at the start,
so the emails that were sent through was
2 sentences.
585 people 2:50. Yeah, it's fine. No.
So form together this information because
we change course. OK,
Yeah.
so I tried to put it.
Here every meeting have to have a.
Cost code so.
Play Halo.
Yeah.
I will find the shower before you.
Get in.
If they got.
Trouble. Yeah. And we've got a card.
Sorry.
No.
Oh, OK.
3rd floor.
Have the exception because they they they
spoke, they raised the issue.
They say but.
They can't have the charge codes, yes,
because.
So the room,
the contemplate and again we push to push
to pushed and it's CLO again we need to
go back into.
Well,
I think the system will just and Mark
Yeah.
will say actually if it says.
If you want Katie,
that child code is mandatory.
We can't even actually,
you can't actually get past the form, yes.
Yeah. So what on a pic?
Yeah.
So typically you'd by their selections of
what they needed,
what facilities they needed,
IE you know whether there's a screen,
whether it was a, you know, presentation,
whatever catering,
as soon as they take catering to submit,
they have to put a cost code in.
All right, so we.
They can't BTP.
I could put somewhere,
do not go to them on teams directly, yeah.
To direct them and say have you filled
anything?
No, but even to so,
the point is they can't submit the form
and if we know if the cost codes are
standardised in terms of their look and
feel, and that letters and numbers,
what we can do is control what they have,
so they can't just put two BC or 12345
and make it up.
If it doesn't follow the pattern,
it will get rejected and they can't
submit the request.
So you can put the and make it mandatory.
So if they turn off catering then it
disappears. If they put it back on again,
they have to put a cost code in to submit
the request.
And if it was very clever the person
requested, I mean,
they might be under the Costco that
you're not using someone.
You know that or use mine.
A few months,
but there's some clever things,
but certainly that SharePoint form you
have.
We could be that would be the upfront
service that's the entry point and they
We.
get used to doing that.
This is the information that we need Trio.
Yeah.
One of the thing in one of the things,
sorry, just as a bit of background,
one of the things we're trying to do as
And then.
part of our foundational data is pull a
cost cost code associated to every person.
So even even if you're just doing a
request for IT,
it automatically identifies.
Or cost centre that you're associated
with whether there's any charging or not
doesn't matter.
The point is it captures it so and you
can have,
I'm sure you have potentially project
codes as well.
So you might have an individuals cost
code say at the top of the form,
but if they click catering,
it will ask them again for the cost code
that the catering.
Will be charged to and it might be their
own or it might be a project one you know.
But the point is you cature it and and
the controls within the tool set stops it
being submitted without it.
And it's almost that language who's
paying.
Exactly who's paying for this room.
See the the the template form we have pre
populated all the templates yes so.
It's only today.
No.
And and so.
Yeah, see, if you want it and.
A certain amount of.
Days. What are we left? See, I booked.
A room for tomorrow.
And I want to take it and what happens,
but you just don't get it.
OK, bye.
So you just so.
That needs a mindset of on the form that.
You know,
knowledge article or that mindset of
change that you need 48 hours to request.
We just staying on vacations for people.
Like.
Just.
Yeah, but if they're,
if they're booking upfront that more
information will be on that,
it could be that if you wanted lunch 48
hours, maybe tea and coffee might be 24.
You know, it's.
Like nicely. I think it's all.
Yeah, he said that. Yeah.
If I was seeing coffee,
but if they actually physically want,
yeah, so we need.
To detail like so.
Say for Kate,
then if it was just tea and coffee,
that would be fine. Yeah, yeah.
How? How does it work?
Just having the form?
Do you just take a box sitting coffee?
Or is it like?
That's exciting,
just get added automatically for like
time and refreshments.
But if it's like internally we need to
request it if we're.
Looking for something like that but they
don't.
Usually add the.
Document. But if we could see that form.
What? One of the things you can do again,
I've seen this. I'll go go.
It goes back to not necessarily exactly
the same context of this,
but the the pharma company who'd needed
things like waist scales and other bits
and pieces,
what they would do is because there was a
time.
So if you booked something and you say
you wanted.
You booked and it was next day the
catering option will be greyed out, right?
So then you then you'd switch the day so
and if you gave three days notice then it
OK. Yeah, that's it.
would appear and at the top of the form
you'd give the guide notes to say
catering. You need 48 hours. Refreshments.
You need this sandwiches. This, whatever.
And then depending on the day,
it would just grey it out so they can't
even select it because they haven't given
you enough notice so you can again the
tool is able to do these things you know
to enable you to manage the audience as
they're populating information.
Does that,
that sort of thing I think might help you.
Yeah, that would be good.
And we're just looking at the SharePoint
form and we're maybe on display on the
screen later,
but there's lots of information at
lectern TV, you know that,
but that could be part of the asset of
that room as well.
All the equipment that's within there.
Yeah. And I'm wondering, is it worth?
Taking a screenshot that and putting it
in there as connect.
Yeah, that'd be great.
And those so those are the things that
you, sorry, Deborah.
All screenshots might be I.
Know it's.
About the things she won't see the drop
downs, but don't.
Worry.
About that now, isn't it?
But they'll be pickless what you'd do in
service now is you'd have them.
Yes.
Sorry. No, no, no. You're right.
That's OK. The point is,
I'm sorry. We're just talking about Paul.
you'd have the facilities of the room.
Not only do you have number of seats and
what have you'd have. Do you need,
you know, collaboration tool, you know?
Screens, TV lectern. All of those things.
You just have lip tick items because that
narrows down which room that you're
aligned to and then you can basically use
those selectables to enable to drive the
room and then as an audience,
if I can go well,
how material is it not to have electrum?
Well, actually I can stand at the front.
I'll be all right as long as I've got a
big screen or something and it enables
the audience to pick and select.
But if you had a layout.
So I've seen somewhere.
Yeah.
If there's a layout change often they'd
need, you know,
48 hours to be able to change all the
room around. If it's, you know,
if you're doing say like.
Structured training where there's an exam
at the end, for example,
you might change the layout of the room
accordingly.
That takes time for someone to be able to
do that. So again,
you'd have that option greyed out if you
were booking it next day.
But if you were booking it the day after,
then it would be available.
So there's a number of things.
If we understand the.
Rules and what's in the rooms and provide
a pick list for your audience.
It makes it so much easier for it to be
facilitated, yeah.
Yeah.
She said.
And that room doesn't have that lectern
or that,
and you can't go and get it and move it
to make your, you know, those you know,
if you want these things,
you're in that room.
But then we're not going to start moving
stuff around.
Unless.
Yeah. Great. I'll put that in the same.
Crystal by myself.
And that whole that would be a great
entry points for you.
What?
You bother then.
I'll let the system do the heavy lifting
of the choosing.
Can I just ask? I could have got.
A short me,
but you mentioned that Caitlyn needs to
be approved. Like if it's Bill. Katie.
So how does that work just now? Say,
Mm-hmm.
fill out the form and they say they need
full payment because it automatically
send something to the.
That's for the MRI.
So it's it's just calendar and you would
add the services as a shared system. Yeah,
perception.
So they would see a new report,
so they would tell you what are serious
and important, et cetera.
And serious. Now that could do that.
That's.
Also, assignments with roots,
so it may get a notification that this
has been.
So who do they approve it at that point?
Or is it assumed to prove it's basically
an order?
Also.
Which should have been made.
So they would see.
So if it's catering on their catering on
that fields assignment task that they've
received it, they could add notes to it,
but can be fed back.
Which it widens that conversation,
doesn't it? Dietary peanut allergies.
Etcetera.
But that could be captured up front as
well.
You know when they're requesting the form,
any dietary requirements?
Of the individuals. Mm-hmm.
Right up front, as you say,
getting as much information upfront as
possible.
So when KG is required,
it comes in and they can be notified at
the same time.
It doesn't need to be part of the
workflow you've got it is room booking
and they call it.
Essentially it doesn't need to be
sequential, it could be at the same time.
Yeah. And Keenan aren't on share rail.
At the moment.
But the plan is for them to go on
ServiceNow.
Thanks.
But they could get if they're.
E-mail.
Because I was just thinking if they were
on.
ServiceNow they have like a dashboard of
like kids.
Yeah.
But this is, but you're absolutely right,
but this is where it actually becomes a
bolder conversation to say, you know,
why wouldn't you be on service now if
you've got a controlled route in and it's
going to be efficient for the
organisation?
Because I've seen some organisation will
present menus, you know,
you can even pick if you.
What are the typical standard menu that
the catering you know, standard standard,
you know,
sandwich array with biscuits and what
have you.
You take those items and it literally
goes straight in and they pick it off and
then they action against it.
Why would you not, you know?
And this is where I think it's that.
How do you and we I know.
We talk about enterprise and we've got
our enterprise scope that we're looking
at here,
but this is where ServiceNow does push
into the broader enterprise, right,
because it's got that ability.
Yeah.
What happens if people change their mind
last minute about catering?
They ordered 40 bit 30 and coming that
wasted money, wasted food.
How does that go?
Do you just have to keep going back
So what we do is we're going to send them
a check.
shapering?
So we said send out check I was hired to
the meeting. So it's been pre booked.
Yeah,
they've ordered 100 calories and so we
send a horrible manual e-mail because we
can't take the absolute to check each
Yeah.
book in that case then.
The form and send it to the relevant
people to see. Do you still need that?
Do you need to put changes within the 40
hour window? We can make changes,
we can cancel,
so it's that's 40 hour window period and
they can change it anything out or 8
again goes to Caitlin for approval.
Yeah.
And I think that comes into that form up
front.
As you said, Mark,
to enhance that experience,
I'm getting a room.
You're booking a room and gosh,
there's this extra concierge service
upfront. I can select my, as you say,
canopies or sandwich or coffee or spark.
You know, it starts to feel Cookie.
This is nice. You know,
when you're setting up.
And you become responsible for it.
And then it goes to catering and yourself.
And then 48 hours,
the system can send the notification,
you know? Are you sure you want this?
It's charged at certain cost. It has that.
Wouldn't you know, it had cases.
Yes, yeah, yeah.
They are signing their name that actually
on Crikey. Yeah, I am responsible.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, exactly,
exactly.
I've just ordered 100, you know,
100 canopies. I am responsible for that.
I mean it. You can't.
We presumably have a directive on waste
at Ashurst as well.
But you know what to be. Yeah. You know,
you're not meant to be throwing away food
or wasting things on anything.
And therefore,
they're responsible for that.
100 canopies turning up and they
authorise it. You don't even touch it.
Yeah, yeah.
If the system sends it to them that from
they're alerted and they have to sign and
unless they sign I.
Mean.
It's part of the remit. You can't.
They can't assume that just because
they've done it,
it's still going to be there when they
arrive, so they get that notification.
It might not land with one person.
There could be because they might be away,
so it could be an assignment group or the
P.
But but the other thing that ServiceNow
can do, sorry, Debra,
just jumping in there,
the other thing they can do is if for
whatever reason they're in transit,
they can put a delegate to approve things
as well, right?
So that and that's for all types of
requests or approvals or anything.
So there's more than one way of which
they can ensure.
And what you can do is when you send out
the notification when they book it,
what you can do is you can say X amount
of days before you're going to get this
you need to be available to approve to
secure.
So you already tell them in one
notification and then there's no surprise
when the next one arrives for them to
action.
So for us that I've done it and we've
seen another law firm. So let's say I.
Book A room.
But I have to also give a delegate and
the partner and the PE,
so it's just that like Mark said or like
Deborah said, if I can leave,
we don't want no catering because I'm
sure that's gonna be a problem for you
Mm-hmm.
anyway.
Someone's going to complain,
but at least there's other points of
contact that they're like. Actually,
it's a bulk e-mail that goes to all four,
and then there's transparency and
ownership, like Deborah said,
on the individual to to make it happen.
Yeah, I think that would be, you know.
The.
In service sound,
it sounds like we've taken that you can
achieve and have to look at any queries,
but you'll have a dashboard that has
these. The meetings in 48 hours,
we've heard nothing.
You.
Know you get this sort of ageing or
something that gets tomorrow.
OK.
We still need whatever might be.
So you can you still can.
Manage that query.
Maybe the approval needs to be 72 hours
to give catering that window to do it,
but you certainly can have the dashboard
that says room booked,
outstanding catering approval from the
request you know,
so you've got that ability to manage your
dashboard with any outstanding actions
that you might need to just intervene on.
Certainly the heavy lifting bit can be
the workflow would be meeting means book.
To the white class client and then the
structure of that catering and on your
dashboard would be both groups or both
active ready to go checked in everyone's
happy.
Or you could have meeting room group
catering outstanding.
Or lecture outstanding facility, you know,
whatever other checklists and you'll see
all of that as an active package.
But you could check.
From do we know who's running the
facilities?
Oh, is that is that?
I mean, without knowing a lot about.
It I actually think.
It would be really beneficial to get.
Off.
Swaroop, I I should pay it. I.
The reception.
Just because you think dashboard.
I.
It is.
There is a thought process of why would
you know what? I'm busy enough.
There's no scope for change, but.
Showcasing actually the like you just
said,
you get notified and get notified that we
are amazing and actually you can start to
add value rather than just firefighting.
We have to start to add value to the
whole service.
Evenly reporting and stuff.
Yeah,
that's easier than what they've got and.
Yeah, it's watching.
Now you're going.
To literally as you said through.
Mm-hmm.
Ordinance and we get to some of those
reports.
Talks and yeah, yeah,
all of that which I was reading.
But definitely because I was when we were
looking at the indication for obviously
communication.
Overview That reception can't see each
other, so they don't. They can't see each,
so they always can through eyes to see OK,
what's happening.
So if they were able to view initially
request to take care all the information
again.
The fact that that, that question,
we said,
And then you know the question.
what question text you know if someone is
raising a question.
Yeah.
What's happening?
There's a there's a case to be made that
they should have service now because they
could just go in the morning. No, no,
it will give any information of what's
happening and it should, their rights.
Yeah, and.
They don't. They can't change,
they can't edit them, can't modify them.
But that question that comes up front,
what's happening is alleviated. It's gone.
They.
We can go in self-service,
answer their own questions.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Again, make any changes.
Yeah, again.
No need for an e-mail to come through to
our team to go and find out.
Yeah.
What they have? Yep.
That would be really good.
You're at the facilities.
Yeah.
That would be,
especially when it comes to Kate and
reception, yeah.
Yes, actually that was.
So we've got.
Yeah, we'd what?
What you'd established for,
though you'd have unique controlled
groups.
So they've been like a user group who
would have read only type permission to
be able to view and self assess, you know,
because Katie would want to see different
things for the receptionist, probably.
And what have you or you know,
so you'd you'd.
Should be able to cater,
so no pun intended for those specific
needs of what they want to view.
And then what ServiceNow can do is make
available to specific tables or data that
they only need to see.
Anybody that's asking you a question,
what's happening, they can leave.
That's a good case for them to, yeah,
to be honest. Yeah. So I know we've.
I mean, I'm.
We are talking.
To each other process and we didn't want
it to be line by line because these
stories are great.
They sort of promote these conversations,
I guess you're.
Thinking about it,
because you don't actually from from you
which you won't.
guys not knowing what the process is.
For the stories.
Yeah, I know I'm not. You're talking.
I'm thinking about scenarios where I have
friends that you might turn up to a
restaurant. They go,
that's they want my table.
Can they ask them to move?
I can't ask them to move with my table.
You know, there are.
You can bring it to life that I can
imagine.
That it's not as easy as it's, you know,
appears have you?
Seen the the we work room book in logic
system. Yeah,
there's a very credit based some amount
of star the month purchase.
And things like that.
But it's obviously a bit different
because it's.
That might like land like a legend.
Upwards of.
Yes, I paid for.
I can imagine there was some
conversations that happened.
Can you actually in London,
we do have prices.
So I have accurate prices,
I can't remember off.
Oh yeah.
Without the fact that that price exists
is a, you know that it's already been.
It's been given a currency.
It could be very powerful.
I think I'm going to. I'm going to two.
150 yeah.
Yeah, for like the larger.
Yeah, that fact.
The fact that that exists,
we could systemize that to put it in to
give a value to a room that really see a
lot of.
People do but.
It's. It's weird, right?
So the people who put these rooms are
essentially they own the office.
So it's like the landlord kind of thing.
Right. Yes. OK, yeah.
So.
I don't actually know.
Like that,
your average person can put cash.
I don't think so.
I would imagine client confidential
immunity to be able to walk around an
Yes, I love this.
office and start to hear the conversation
and so on.
Party these people with the cold black
friends.
Right. OK. So they'll.
They'll probably you would have fresh
fields or.
No EMS coming in to regular.
Happened. No, they don't actually.
Actually, yeah.
Have.
Clients that come through to us, to.
Book rooms,
but there's no ashfast employees.
But again,
they've got to come through a PE and
OK, so I.
that's going to.
Think we've got external? Yeah,
if we could just say so.
Internal rooms is great.
We've got this hyper path where we've.
Got.
The scenarios where you might have.
Client internal multi room.
One off block booking probably and we can
put some walls in there.
Mm-hmm.
It's all my fault.
You said. See my face? Yeah,
that would be. That would be.
It would have to be a managed face.
Rows in place. Yes. Yeah. And approvals.
Yes, exactly.
So we've got all those scenarios which we
can put some rules around based on you
know your templates and values can and
the assets you construct that and then
they get booked.
So the query comes into you,
they get booked,
no approval required is there?
Is there additional information that you
populate on that query?
I'm talking now that if they populated
what you need them to populate,
do you do anything?
Additional to embellish that data.
It's not that we would go and advocate
and services.
And you don't need to know who's on the
invite.
At that or you need to know.
Do you need?
The.
Chair, we need the Vienna. Yeah.
So we always need the Vienna. OK?
It's just because.
The people committed course quotes and
telecos course. OK,
so please we have an issue.
We have the P ES we're booking the rooms,
but we're advocating even though when
they give us this cost quote,
this cost quote is 18 via operations
department, yeah.
Transactions. It should have been yes. OK.
So.
Once the MRI system is.
Three,
which means we would have male's
department maybe? Yeah.
So it's just the question those
department, yeah, the city.
Copy transactions which should have been
sure so.
So we need to, yeah.
Now that is like probably one of the most.
Again, I can put that in any e-mail.
So this is called the client here,
but I'm thinking, yeah, OK, so 5 minutes.
Yeah. So.
You need to be early, yes.
With internal,
if you're talking about like.
Let's give us food.
I just want to book A room.
Yeah, I would. I would probably say.
A lot of time.
Yeah.
But if it's one if I'm just booking it,
I've come to the office. I want to work.
I, you know,
I possibly want to have a one to one
meeting with Josh.
We're going to talk about a project, but,
you know, quite space.
Do you need any additional information at
that point?
I know if it's not a man in space,
so a man space would be things we care
about you.
So if they don't need a managed space,
essentially we don't need any more
information than.
Attendees contain.
So you do need attendees.
It would do it, yeah. OK.
And for the client ones as well.
Yes, yes.
Attendees. OK, OK.
So is that mainly just for London or like,
see if it's Glasgow?
Do you still need the Costco?
Again.
But I think we're looking at
standardising if you're doing it then.
Because what what I'm thinking is like,
see,
we had a form for looking at a room or a
space or like Mark,
The upfront? Yeah. Check.
would we be better to have like a drop
down for like location whether it was
Glasgow and then it feels stiffer if it's
Glasgow because we really don't need as
much because.
I'm thinking if.
We have Mang, which, if we just have one.
One form and.
Then we have mandatory fields.
A lot of them might.
Not be applicable for the.
Yeah, we can invite your share. So yeah,
if we do. I mean,
Ave or something you're struggling to?
it sounds like we've got complex.
So like we did complex learning and we
did build.
I'm trying to add something.
We have another type of.
Yes. So we can add in another office,
so yeah.
It's going to be scalable, so yes.
Because we've been taking over Alice
Perkins next year, OK.
It's like, yeah, OK, great.
So and that was one of my. Yeah,
So yeah, if if your facilities.
sorry mum.
If all if all of the offices, if, if,
when we talk to facilities with we'll
establish this, I'm sure. Right. But yeah.
If they have all of the offices and all
of the meeting rooms that are in each of
those offices you can scale it right out
because the pick list will be the office.
You know they will literally Scroll down
their type in Brisbane office and their
type meeting room or their select their
by their criteria it would pop up a
Brisbane meeting room of X size of X
construct to enable them to run right.
So you know if by having a single form
with the your pick list.
It it? Yeah.
And and many being appropriately
mandatory,
you know to to steer your audience.
You've got a scalable solution that you
can absolutely rely upon and that's what
we want to get you to.
And I think we're just saying, Mark,
that there's some things that you want to
hide and show that the fact that Glasgow
don't have these scenarios,
you don't want them to fill in stuff
that's not applicable, but certainly.
Play song.
Yeah. So if they exactly.
So if they pick Glasgow's their location,
then a whole load of options just won't
materialise for them.
Whereas if they pick London then they
might get a whole load more depending on
what's on that site and if they pick New
York, you know,
they might have instead of I know canapes.
They might have bagels. I'll make it up,
right, but you get the.
Yes, you can. Pretty much.
You can pretty much by location,
flag and control anything by the rules
that you define.
OK.
And all the projects I worked on in
Africa,
we obviously have French speaking and
English.
So even though the the sort of system
fields behind the scenes are one default
English.
Your display fields depending on whose
entry, it'll be French or English,
so it doesn't need.
I mean we might have just say everything
in Azure since it's universally.
English language but there is that
ability in ServiceNow to have language
options as a displayed field as well if
that helps but.
Yeah. Yeah, that's certainly something.
I don't know. What's the other projects.
Mark,
I don't really discussing displaying
language,
but that could be set depending on who's
logged in that there that's displayed in
there native language store.
Yeah, these are these are.
I think we've got we've got a couple of,
So.
we've got a couple of items that cut
right across all of our workshops
etcetera.
One of them's the time time display kind
of criteria.
What time zone do we display in and
Yeah.
what's the core language that gets
displayed as well?
And and you know are there.
Any local settings where they might
leverage local translation,
but ultimately we have those two broader
decisions to make. And it's funny,
actually,
I was this morning I was pinging parek to
to he's our architect to see what what's
the what's the timeline?
Of bottoming that out because it it will
matter.
Because if I'm in one time zone and I'm
say I'm flying into London,
I want to book my meeting room.
I want to be booking it in the right.
Do you know what I mean?
With the right time,
time zone to work when I land. Right.
Or else, yeah, yeah, to pay.
But all of that's there.
So it's I think 1, you might have saw it.
I think I might have mentioned
scalability.
These are the things that we're thinking
about. But it's not just confined to 123,
it's.
You can onboard another office,
but not taking four weeks to onboard and
you're on board. You're ready to go.
ServiceNow is great at that cookie cutter
and you don't have to spend weeks
configuring your it's scalable option.
So we've got.
I think we've discussed quite a lot today
room, different options,
multiple multi block booking rules on 24
hours and then goes catering and then
post complete presumably that it could
just bulk,
you know if time effective end date of
room is done, they're just close complete.
In Cheryl today that you have to
physically once it's booked,
it's closed or do you keep it open after
the ending?
Silly. Sorry.
Closed it once we confirmed it and
basically.
OK. Yeah.
Added it.
I think it could be that you keep that
open until and the system automatically
closes for you because you might have
subtasks that come about that you need to
trigger to facilities that you know we
arrived today.
Actually the screen was broken and
whatever would be that you need to have
some other activities that come came out.
As a result of the people arriving in the
room or there was no catering,
you know they could be that it doesn't
close until after the 4:00 PM end date of
that meeting. If you need it.
If you need it.
Yeah,
I think because we do take bookings like
so far something's in advance.
I think for a while, yeah.
I mean, I mean they.
Would sit there. You won't see them.
They don't need to be displayed,
but it's something that maybe to think
about that they could just be confirmed.
That's the workflow.
But they get closed complete after the
event. So that if you needed to go in,
you can see it.
You could add that room didn't work on
that day because power cut. You know,
you could do with calls on it and then
you can just use those metrics.
I mean it's just an ability.
ServiceNow does give you that ability.
That you could do some additional reports
along that route or client,
you know cancelled because cancelled on
the morning because yeah,
and you start to get some metrics then
you can say to that client go back to
that partner,
you've actually cancelled the dentist
three times in a row.
Now you're not having that room.
You know you can use it for those.
Those things.
You do anything that I at the moment.
Cancellation fees.
Thought in terms of reporting like in
rooms and stuff like that.
I'm so I would probably do all the team
she wanted to access that as well.
So basically we want to know who's booked
what.
Is the usage of that room and what would
that last year?
What services to that room?
So thanks for that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I use pypm again. Which one?
People want to know what you can.
Get their own pair.
So yeah, I'm just going to share my night.
Yeah, but we.
Can.
Certainly have that. I mean,
I'm sort of particular that when you go
into a room,
it's left how you would expect to find it.
So you can almost add on that room.
That room is left.
You know, whatever would be it was 1.
Yeah.
Really good photo section.
Yeah, but it was left, you know,
debilitated, TSH and lunch behind.
I think it's an important.
You know,
modelling behaviour goes across that you
tidy up, you know,
leave it as you expect to find it.
So they might.
So that could be also part of the
reimburking. But you know,
as part of that close, complete left,
you know, with no damage, no meds, no.
How often has that happened?
I rarely find it in professional service.
That's one.
Oh, you'll be surprised. I would.
I think it happens if I go into a remote.
Who was in here last.
Really.
You know, the probably actually were.
Technology for me,
going and something's not working.
In terms of.
Like.
Yeah.
So the teams again, see, that's finished.
I'm going to.
Yeah.
Through it.
But it might be.
Useful to know. Yeah,
you know they didn't have.
But mm-hmm.
So.
Yeah, that would have been nice to know.
You know,
they could be that catering could close
out the ticket with notes.
It was left left good state. You know,
I'm just surprising,
but I think it's again,
some insights that you get on behaviour
Yeah.
as well.
So in your reporting,
just to play that through in your
reporting, when you report occupancy,
usage utilisation,
do you also catch where for example,
you have over demand say on rooms with
you know monitors and other bits and
pieces. So where people are?
So I do at the end of a.
Someone's had used that room.
Or do you ever do random surveys,
you know,
or do you track that when you weren't
able to provide that person the room with
all of the things that they require,
because sometimes that can help you look
at it to say, actually?
When we look at our building,
when we look at,
you know stock in the room,
we might actually put monitors on the
screen or you have free standing monitors
or wheel up.
Sometimes you can do wheel up monitors
and portable lectors and lectins and
things like that.
Do you ever have those scenarios where
you track and therefore can you make a
room ad hoc like a formal setup with
temporary Cook kit and things like that?
Don't track the ones that we don't have,
so the vast for a laptop, et cetera.
We wouldn't track that.
The system doesn't give us that
information,
but we can track who's used the laptop,
etcetera and most things like that.
Again, sometimes services get cancelled.
Oh.
OK, the screen's just spinning.
Sorry that we.
Yeah, yeah, I can still hear you.
Nothing, nothing to do with me,
I promise you.
I'll just clarify,
but but are you saying that assets belong
to a room to track that mobility of the?
Yeah,
because because if you to pick it up on
your point, if you've got kit failures,
say for example you know someone comes in
and you know I don't know the USB sockets
on the power packs aren't working thing.
If you if you get a feedback for and they
can tell you stuff that enables you to
fix it before the next ones come in.
You know,
if someone if someone says the screen was
flickering because I don't know that
there was a dodgy USB lead, you know,
these are some of the things that you can
then feed into it to sweep up so that the
next usage is of high quality.
And what have you, right?
You get inside.
Another sorry, another one too.
While it jumps into another one,
he's lost and found right because often
when people somebody might leave a Power
Pack behind,
someone might left have left their mouse
behind or whatever it is.
It also gives you the ability for someone
to say, Oh yeah, by the way, I've.
You know, left this or whatever,
and you can,
I don't know whether you have that
mechanism today that they these items get
picked up,
dropped off at reception or whatever.
I think it does cuz I left the cabinet
room in London and.
Yeah.
Went to exception. Yeah, and we found it.
So it's those types of things.
Yeah.
So, but there's the point, right? You.
All I'm saying is think about it.
Close, complete.
There's some additional things that you
could do at close out that helps you prep
the room next time.
Yeah, I need to have to go in and go. Oh,
God, I've got to type up.
Would you know what?
But they could just, you know,
if it's if it's dormant after the
effective date close complete within
maybe the same day.
But if they wanted to add some notes
because it was an exceptional case of,
you know,
actually the screen was broken or the
plugs, but whatever it might be that.
And the notification.
See the durums? We just find this it.
So the ATM so.
Definitely.
Yes, yes, exactly.
So they could be to Mark's point that the
the assets within the room belong to the
room as well. So you don't get that.
Who's taken the type of thing.
And so when there's a clean down of the
room or that there's a, you know.
Infantry of that sort of you know.
Yeah, you send.
Out any like.
I don't know is it customer satisfaction
surveys is.
That what they're called do you say?
Yeah.
You didn't have one for sure. Well,
for our team.
So I created one.
I created one and what happens more is
that they would get sent out three days
after you've booked a meeting room via.
For client only, yes.
OK. Will the client.
It was climate on the floor.
Training maybe? Yeah, absolutely.
And we sent them out.
And then we give feedback to see we don't
have these notification stop them.
It's because of our SharePoint.
Like then, we couldn't stop.
That person this evening,
we tend to stop them.
So.
Yeah. So in in ServiceNow.
So in ServiceNow, you module by module,
Yeah.
you can select. So as an individual,
you can manage your notifications.
So you know and that's literally module
by module. So for example,
if I didn't want to see all the instant
alerts because I was looking at that
every.
Everyday I'd turn those ones off,
but if I wanted to see my booking ones
and I'd make sure those ones were on.
So it enables you to control through the
tool and what we would do is we'd have
things like knowledge,
articles to help folks manage those.
So you don't get notification floods or
whatever, but it has that.
Literally it can control module by module
what you see and which notifications you
get.
But you would like the customs house.
On yes, because you could trigger.
It so close complete,
you know we're now saying actually you
just closed,
but actually you could just request on
the system can say or they might you know
they can say do you want to be part of
the survey to turn it on,
but you could also send it back to them
to say you know close complete triggers
that survey or you could say.
Manually I'm going to ask them for
satisfaction, but you can let the system.
Do.
That automatically within and then it
comes back into the ServiceNow exactly?
It's not for seven people as well,
exactly.
You could you could? Well,
it could be that you don't want it by
default that the server goes out.
It sounds like you actually want to have
some control of it,
and then so you could just manually go in
service down before you close the
complaint or the next action.
Send customer satisfaction survey,
wait for those results.
They could be systemized they can fill it
in and then close complete and you can
run the report. Yeah. Honestly, yeah.
You can show.
That on the dashboard, you know,
five star for this room and you can sort
of say actually this room.
Why is it only getting 4?
What do we need it to do in facilities
that this room?
Is not performing it at that level,
so could that just that one room booking
Yeah.
is starting to grow a picture of the
asset equality feedback, the?
Off.
Yeah, the the other,
the other thing that comes into the mind
is if you've got an outsource facilities
provision, right?
So it's a separate end company that runs
the building, owns the building, you know,
provides the facilities,
it enables you to get data to ensure that
they're fulfilling their contractual
obligations.
With quality of care, you know,
quality of the rooms and things like that.
So you know these things when you sort of
step back,
it goes from just being can we book some
stuff to actually how can we manage our
you know our environment you know the the
office accommodation if you like,
how do we manage that and also manage the
you know the.
They will provide context to the
commercial teams,
the vendor management teams who are
managing that building provision.
You know,
because if you're consistently say having
I know plug sockets fail and things
because they haven't particularly put
decent ones on there,
you know USB sockets that fail really
quickly. You know,
these are things you can go back to and
say.
Actually,
we've seen a trend of feedback saying
these things don't work.
You need to go and sort that out for us.
You need to swap them out over a holiday
period or whatever.
When the building's under use or whatever
we want you to swap out all of these
because they're substandard for what
we're paying for or whatever you can
provide that Intel that helps manage that.
Special agreement.
Because it in reality you're in Glasgow
and the rooms are in London.
It's not like you can walk down and have
a look at them. So this is the insights.
You know that it just says, oh,
we're we're booking rooms,
but actually there's a whole load of
stuff that you need to make sure that it
lands right for the client arriving.
So this workflow can take all that into
account that you're ahead of the curve.
You know that that room is,
you're not going to.
It's not going to be noisy.
It's going to be no complaints on the
morning. It's seamless.
People can turn up, use the room,
reputation for the pie. You know,
for those client meetings.
It's good to and they can actually don't
spend 10 minutes trying to fix a room.
When money is clot, sticking,
it's all done up front and it plays into
that narrative that it's right first time.
Is this just for client booking names or
do you have what about for intern when I
know we took that training but for
internal is that kind?
Of internal you can only services
provided there's really.
And.
Well, it's got the floor.
Because I said so,
we can treat yourself for like 4-4. Yeah,
but first, second and 5th.
Essentially all they can get is.
OK. Yeah.
OK. Yeah. Most of all, that mate. Well,
like what room has?
Yes, we can track.
We can put that into that, so.
It will be the type of room we categorise
it. Client training,
you know third and the others and then
the equipment that's available to each of
those rooms.
And the capacity that's available,
so that can all be systemized upfront and
captured soon Toronto.
I'll put it all in to.
The teams. Yeah. Perfect. OK.
The room at the end,
Pretty quick.
each room still needs to have the same
regular tidy equipments, you know.
You can think, yeah.
Yeah, that's yeah.
Still work with that.
All good. Talk to the 10 minute break.
Yeah,
they maybe I would just touch upon two
things to manage room bookings.
So that one trivialise it is
cancellations. OK,
I think we have touched on external
because they are tightly,
they're just landlords and not and
Norfolk it's not.
They're they're having a meeting with
something completely different.
It's the landlords. I don't know how many.
What the?
Volumes of those are,
I don't actually know and.
Do they get? Do they,
do they Trump everybody? No, no,
not at all.
So the owner of the building I'm talking
about.
You should get yeah. OK.
Previously we would use the rooms well
anyway, because the other landlord,
but now they charge.
The landlords want the building. Sorry,
this is the first we've.
Yeah. Yeah, so.
They get charged.
Never had that we've said this.
Well, it probably be it.
Like if you went somebody else,
But you know what?
But we we still reheat them as.
somebody they still have.
Good.
So yeah, we we don't even have to.
We don't even.
Have to like.
OK, so you treat them like and.
Do you put them in particular rooms,
Yes.
but internal clients can trump the
landlords. Essentially, if there is there,
the only ones that the hierarchy is the
client can see the ones that are things
that you treat the external though,
like a client looking.
Yes. Yes, just.
So I'm just thinking I just have.
That one, just that one.
WeChat thing like.
So they can't.
But what I'm saying is partner can't
remove them if they, you know they.
Well, we have the example just last week.
For a partner because he wants to build.
OK, so the partner can Trump.
Yes.
So they they paid for any person see,
as long as we move them to another person.
Definitely. OK, OK, right. Yes.
Negotiation is a lot.
OK. All right. OK. All right.
And then we'll just touch upon.
What time do we?
Come back, come.
Back at quarter past.
So we touch upon cancellation, yeah.
Sorry, I was noise.
Even.
Over 40. Yeah,
that was always potential fee advice.
For this is for client and training the
others.
You can cancel in the morning, yes.
As long as we yes.
So the.
OK, cool. So we yeah,
counsellors so literally no approval.
I'll get over.
We get charged.
It can be just moved from the system.
Yeah. And then.
Approval for the meeting rooms is not
approval,
it's just ensuring that your codes and
the catering within 48 hours.
Yeah, sorry if it's translations on the.
OK, yeah, I've seen that. Mm-hmm.
I've been on that for a long time.
Think he's gone because he had a break?
This spot.
Back a quarter past Josh, yeah.
Yes.
OK mate, cheers.
That's Josh.
I'm excited.
Like for all of the asking's to to get on
to him and we obviously know the issues
that you're having. We share, realise.
Hopefully that won't be, you know,
forever.
Hopefully when the updated version gets
released, whenever that may be,
you'll be back to the way it was kind of
wasn't perfect either,
but obviously right now it's.
A real pain.
I just. I just want an old mailbox.
To yeah, that would be.
I'll need such a bit.
No.
So we have an upgrade a few weeks ago and
it's basically got a bug in it.
We are dashboards aren't refreshed,
so they're basically showing.
A zero.
So the only work around right now is
either constantly refreshing or logging
out.
Then in the team are trying to connect
you.
For some reason.
Nothing's working,
so you've got individual.
Set up right now to be able to view
what's coming in.
So we're basically waiting on advantage,
releasing a new version,
and we'll need to upgrade again.
But obviously when we are.
We solve the problem.
We created last time over so that will be
the last one until end of life,
but we've got no choice other to upgrade
again.
It's the patch. The patcher.
I don't know how long does that take?
So.
For we upgraded. When did we upgrade?
September, September time.
So I would actually.
We've been told imminent by Avanti,
but we're told imminent like 3 weeks ago
they.
Say that's the same rule there. It's fine.
I'm not sure, I don't know.
So I think it was released.
The bug was released two days before we
Visually.
done the update, but.
I don't know if anyone.
Saw it until afterwards,
and then it's obviously been reported.
And.
When it comes to Monday.
Right now we have outgoing to fall back
on.
Which isn't ideal we.
Don't want people losing that, but.
It's way right now when their dashboards
are showing zero and actually they've got
like 20-30 tickets.
That we should be seeing.
So later.
I am. Yeah, go ahead. I can't.
Can't see the room, though.
I don't know whether they. Josh,
you need to connect something, but.
Yeah.
Our democracy, as you mentioned,
would you be able to come along to
I love you.
extensively.
That's perfect. Thank you.
Basically why you can go on teams.
It's up to you.
Just know, yeah.
It's just because the line is already
placing. It's not.
Games, yeah.
But actually she caught me up this year
and before I was coming down and she
asked.
About relation to you about the expected
one tomorrow, so to say.
Don't worry too much if you can't make it
face to face, you shouldn't come on.
Yeah.
None.
I know we talked about that we might
we've done cancellation there.
I know that we also sort of talked about.
That we might be able to move on to other
ones,
but I also from my notes saw that you.
We've talked about council moving the
room and so so there's that scenario.
If you think about, OK,
the 448 hour notice,
I want to be able to move is that tends
to come out that they've then.
Want to?
Upsize. Downsize. Not.
We've talked about departments and out
trumping that we hopefully address some
of that with the check for.
What situation comes about from the
moving?
Is it because capacity is increased?
Capacity's decreased.
So it could be that time is more suit.
So sometimes if we book the six person
room, there's only two people.
Attending we've just moved.
Oh yes.
So you could look and how do you get to
be informed that there's only two people
attending because the attendees?
So let's say I'm a karoon.
But I I know.
There's gonna be roughly 12 people.
I don't put all 12 people's names.
You can just overwrite that and then I
have to go and have a call.
Yeah, of course. Yeah, of course.
And then so again,
then this model again to pin them on how
long does it the major?
And this is where the 40 hour check.
Let's get through it. Yeah,
and then we'll be done to. OK,
we'll register. OK, we can.
Because we don't want to prevent people.
Even though they put those names out of
funds,
But and yes.
when do you get informed that that's less
people attended retrospectively in that
So what we do, we tend not to.
room?
Is that the check box? Yes.
One bit right, so can I just I'll.
I'll just show you this is easier.
Tissue.
Changes are highlighted by a column.
So M and I is column coordinated.
OK so the process being is 24 hours
before.
The meeting. Yeah, we've written notes.
I think everybody has changed.
So again,
there could be a number of reasons why
they're a machine.
We don't have to worry that we don't have
What?
Would look.
details on that.
Protests to everyone that was mentioned
on the attendee list or who needs to be,
or all the requests are.
It's just, it's just I wish that. Yeah,
yeah.
Yep, and it should be like.
Around.
25 and you tell them why.
So it could be that you triggered it.
Yeah, the change. Yeah. OK.
But do you?
Think and that it's quite a.
Few rooms on the 4th of or third floor.
Do you manually check every day each?
Yes.
No one wants someone. Yeah.
For the.
Following day to be like,
is this suitable? Yes. No,
move the room or is.
It.
What we what we tend to do is when we
book the room,
we obviously book the appropriate sectrum.
Yeah, yeah.
Entertained to see can can we access
rooms?
So by the room template the forms that we
use, the appropriate size room.
Yep.
Circumstances have changed depending on
the things have changed,
so the people has decreased increased,
but we'll move things around.
The reason that we do move a lot about is
we book a lot of all day means yes.
So.
Again, or just say it downs,
we'll get 15 minutes to say up six hours.
So that's again taking into.
Show you what it looks like.
So this is like I'm not a busy date.
So the rooms are colour coordinated.
Yeah.
Mark,
we're just looking at a spreadsheet for
the for Trimble or the.
Yeah, figured figured that.
Sort, yeah, but.
They don't change.
Process kicks in for my team 24 hours
before and.
OK, OK.
It says what? So that's why.
Your triggered. So it was that.
How do you get informed that less people
are attending it's?
Not it's not just about the.
So maybe it's a client consult saying
they've got like internal training and
they're one of the larger rooms.
We know we can add additional chairs or
Right. OK.
like we move into a smaller room,
add the chairs and put client and their
size room. That makes sense.
Are they?
Just using the only four or like yeah.
And that's orange can tell us it's
because we're not checking every single
one.
That's so the team has moved that and
Yes.
they've changed to 1 inches.
So that's what allowed the room change
process to begin. OK, 124 hours.
OK, great. So Catering's already in place.
So it just means the catering won't get
informed automatically from service now
that you know don't go to that,
OK.
Thank you.
you're now going to this room and that's
the power.
So that's just my schedule task. Yeah.
So we've got template.
Downstairs now.
Essentially.
Go on your bed. You don't go out.
They get on your bed.
24 hours before.
Mark, can you hear us?
Sorry about that.
I was just having to manage my dog
I thought it was a hit because I could
hear get on the bed.
because he was being a pain in the bum.
I was be be be reassured. Be reassured.
I wasn't talking about my wife.
She's in the office today. Sorry,
I got distracted and I had to just sort
Rachel.
out my mutt from being a pest. Right.
Sorry, recap.
I we we gathered so.
Yeah.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
You go through the timber.
Actually it's actually called.
Yeah, it was pop bar.
I thought it strumble is there's.
Why is it?
Whenever I go overseas in my life.
I saw Trimble 3 E as well. There was some.
That's for the hospitality report.
That's another schedule task.
Right, OK, OK. So 24 hours.
Room change notifications can be done so
the requested could be notified from the
system.
Yes.
That can happen and catering also get
informed at the same time that change.
Hello.
It's not a surprise that they turned up
that they find out that they've actually
moved to a different.
And and Mark,
you'll probably talk to this a bit better,
I'll just than me that the ServiceNow can
also mark that availability.
You know it can rather use managing a
separate spreadsheet.
The fact that that room is active,
inactive,
it has a status as well associated with
it could be.
Yes, yes. Yeah.
So if you're looking at a list for you,
if you were looking at a list of view of
all of your rooms,
you'd be able to have one where they're
occupied, you know,
free type status or things like that
against or you could see.
The other thing I've seen done.
Where you have it like on a scheduled
view. So you literally just have,
you know it's colour blocks when it's
occupied and when it isn't.
There's a number of ways that we can show
them.
You can see the spreadsheet does exactly
what it is like. OK, that's good.
And this is automatic this machine.
No. So it's that sheet. So it's a, it's a,
it's an actual.
It's.
Actually system so.
You need to actually know this,
because I'm getting up here.
So this is like an old W so there's a
more that could be coming. But yeah,
it's just basically.
And do you like using it?
I mean pain points,
I mean if you were to do translate that
into service now if there's something
that you go actually that's difficult
moving.
I guess just because.
User using yeah.
It's like second nature, so.
OK, OK, so that works. So there's no pain.
So what? So what we need to we're sorry,
just because obviously I,
you know psychic.
I was able to see what that looked like
through the back of the screen through
the walls.
The thing is what what we would do is
we'd look at those requirements and we
would.
Get something to emulate the same sort of
look and feel for you.
Driven out of what was, you know,
what's being recorded requested, etcetera.
Yeah, but the fact is that you go into,
you're moving a room in service now it's
been 422.
You're moving into four and just saying
423. And that's done. We move,
swap it around. You can do that,
can you can see that it's active or
inactive.
You won't be able to select the room if
it's already at you know if it's not
available and cature would get told at
the same time. So,
and if there's additional things that
that room needed.
For laptops or whatever,
all of that's built into those,
those triggers,
everyone that needs to know at the same
time.
They get to know, so that.
Did you hear that? Oh, no. I wasn't told.
You know,
everyone who needs to be informed is a
one stop messaging. And can you set times?
When people get told.
That information,
rather than just like everything.
5 or 6.
Times. So it's not like every time.
We're moving, it's.
All.
So what you're saying is that if you're
juggling on this,
that you're moving and you think, oh, no,
actually, I'm going to move it back.
It could be that that's a close complete
that is approved, as it were.
So at the moment,
you're sort of in draft mode, yes,
moving it.
And you're trying to work it out. OK,
if I do that and then you could be so.
So you're in that process.
Your move process, as it were.
And then once you've worked it out,
you could just press approve and then
they get notified rather than,
as you say that you get that calendar,
you get your notification says.
422423426.
Meeting room and everyone.
You can hear the noise coming up your
rules. So is that.
What you mean?
Something to remove it so we only send
our changes like the day before so we
wouldn't send them like every single one
change.
So if we have to go and approve it every
single time, you'll get that.
Maybe can you move such things?
And on certain things,
so do you want to send it 24 hours?
And is that sufficient notice for
everyone that's attending that meeting at
It won't for Kate you for Kate and.
say yes.
24 hours.
See you could just approve it then. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You do it that way.
So you're now in this room and catering.
You're now in this room. Yeah. Yeah, yeah,
that's.
Possible. OK.
You can move as you said,
it might be a lead time.
I mean we're we're sort of talking about
scenarios where there's 72 hours.
Know on on this week you're talking about
it could be a lead.
What was we're talking about now 4 weekly,
Don't we?
But the rules are that you can't book too
much in advance unless as of your
approval. But as you said, it could.
Move.
So many times.
But that notification of where you are,
where you're going and what you're doing
could be 24 hours before. OK,
that's good to make sense, yeah.
Please send notifications.
For.
The 24 hour only when you move rooms do
you ever send out a confirmation.
You're absolutely in this room 25.
As well.
So we've saved them our version and then
reception, that's all.
Reception's not bad.
And why would reception move it?
Could just be a case or someone's not
showed up and then client wants an issue
room, so they'll move them just a client.
Will actually say I want to find
something.
OK, so say for instance moving there.
Oh, that movement.
1.
Came available so I was not showed up,
so then moved on enter,
things like that or like people can shop.
And that's why a reception into it,
to use the same. Yeah, I've just seen.
With you? Yeah. Yeah, it makes sense for.
The similar workflows and then they
effectively they're still moving, yeah,
it's still the move workflow.
That they're.
They send information on that.
So like that or like some things like
That's sort of.
that.
So they'll do their own check and then
they'll send that information on the same
thing that would tell.
Well,
if they if they're in there and they do
that,
then you'll get a notification that
they've added that on the same day
process, yeah.
That's good.
The last one I wanted to cover for
managing bookings had offsite as well as
on site.
Yeah,
so off site is essentially the external
non client.
Oh, OK yeah, that's what that means. OK,
great. Even though they're on site.
Yeah.
So they're external.
We call them off site.
What? What previously?
Yeah.
We'll see JP Morgan.
So JP Morgan is a client or transparent.
So previously the JP Morgan PE,
which just e-mail us and say can I have?
I'm the that's my client.
I'm the client of John Smith,
so we might book the room that way.
But we we have to get a stop because we
need is approved like they so.
We have to come through our trust.
So it comes to.
The P. OK, so OK yeah, Alexa.
OK, that's good.
That's.
Do you mind for one minute just talking
about the landlord?
Because that's completely.
What, what the terms of?
How do they use it? Why do they use it?
It's just says I've ever heard,
like an landlord that you rent a building
personally.
I do at tomorrow.
Even if I experience even other laws,
they're like it's ours. We paid friend.
So and I think.
It came down to.
Sorry, I do think you can.
Because previously Black Bridge were able
to use.
Or lunch, etcetera.
And somewhere down the line.
They made the decision to charge them,
OK and that's relatively new.
It's really cool because it was,
it was new size, it sounds like, yeah, so.
The meetings are called Blackledge.
So essentially they are kind of this year.
They are first and I don't actually know
that the actual relationship.
That's an.
What priority do they have in the packing?
They would just come through.
They can I look into.
That week so we can accommodate them. No,
actually, they would put that.
They were the.
So we can't accommodate them.
We can't accommodate them.
That's that's OK.
That's what they have to do.
Access to catering?
Do they see it as their building?
No.
No, it's translating traffic.
Access exactly we through the Porsche and
they have the charge codes.
You have said OK.
Yes.
So they have essentially they are
separate keeping their separate quotes
because they get a.
Hi again that's also.
Voice.
OK. Because and the request can't come in.
I mean, they're not on ServiceNow.
So you would just have to.
No. So we.
Yeah,
we need to put them down as operations.
As the host,
but because we are the Black educator
hospitality node to differentiate.
So you get the request today through an.
E-mail yes, OK.
Which you could then go into ServiceNow
and populate as if you know you could
create it as a task yourself so that
you're following the same structure.
OK.
So the and then you're then they're in
the workflow.
So they need to be moved.
They're the original,
but they're getting for, you know,
all of that. So you would create.
That.
Visibility on the.
On the dashboard for you, yeah.
Employees. So this is in this book in.
Exactly.
Yeah.
The charge all that details that you need.
So you would you would almost become the
requester on their behalf.
It's tracked within that service now and
Yes, yes.
you would have that full disability and
it would go into the workflows,
active rooms.
You know you just formed part of that
portfolio, it's not managed.
Outside of the system,
you would incorporate them within the
system,
but you would be populating it on half of
So.
them.
So one of the things we'd need to be
mindful of is that identifying those so
that when you're looking at your
reporting,
you'd exclude those if you like from your
normal sort of reporting structure.
If they're,
if they're treated separately or you
might include them,
but you at least want to highlight who
they are. So are they, are they sort of?
It's like one only one or two contacts
that connect with you to yeah.
So what you could do is you could have a
named.
None.
We could have those as named individuals
or named organisations in all you know
amongst all or rather users they wouldn't
have any other user rights in the system.
But you could at least.
Select them as requested for because
you'd probably want to do things
requested for anyway,
because somebody might come up to you and
ask for help. You know directly,
without going into this system.
So you'd want to be able to request for
that person.
I would have thought potentially.
Yeah, I think forgive me if I'm wrong.
Marcus on the process diagrams.
They're called external bookings,
isn't that right? Yes.
And everything else is internal.
So when Asha is already categorised
So you classify them as an external.
behind the scenes as internal,
but when you do it for the Black bridge.
So yes, that you will call.
Externals. Yes. So Mark,
there's always that differentiation in
the process today in terms of.
OK, OK.
But I'm just thinking if you've got
mandatory fields in the form,
you would if you've got those in a table
so that you can at least select them,
it doesn't mean that you have to have
more complex rules to rule out when it's
mandatory, when it's not,
you can just select them.
So it might be just something we look at
especially there.
Common known individuals that book it.
OK. Yeah.
Something to think about anyway.
No, we can manage it the same because.
Then you've got the four transfers,
particularly if you've got, I said,
catering, moving rooms, you know,
notifications, shuffling around.
OK, that's quite good Nanjing.
This just flipping points,
come on there is that.
That's it.
The sleeping boards.
Anything here, honestly.
That's asked approval task,
so depending on who they are, why need?
Why need that absolutely come through to
either me or Siobhan to it through
external? No, no internal.
It's all internal staff to choose the
same points.
I wasn't sure about the separate.
Practically. If that was in this.
Oh, yes. Oh, yes. What's actually? Yeah.
Yes. There's a speaking Part 1 as well.
So that's managed in the same way.
Do you treat them as a?
Only Intel staff can use a sleeping
points, so it's easily import.
OK.
It's basically a hotel room.
What is it?
Yeah, it's not.
Yeah, I've used.
I've used one of the I did some work
years ago on an outsource with Clifford
Chance and I had to use one of their
little.
It's like a little little mini little
hotel room where you can get your head
down when you're working late and
overnight.
I.
I thought they were like you could go and
catnap for like, 15 minutes in the day.
'M not.
But used to.
Yeah.
Yes, but again, it's costing money.
It's cosmetic. The cleaners in.
Turn them around. So these are,
so the rules on that is beyond 6:00 PM to.
1000.
So there are some rules around that that
they actually can't be booked in the days.
Yes.
Eric.
And is this what to be?
Three hours only, OK.
Yeah.
Sometimes over like that. Sorry.
Sometimes like the partner can sort of
override it. So like, for instance,
when she was pregnant?
It's obviously she thought that because
she didn't see,
she could see anywhere else.
There could be some rules set such as you
need.
Yeah.
So she wanted I.
And is there only one approval required
or is it because again when I go back to
my own experience,
I had to get like 3 approvals because the
nature of what it,
what it was and to your point about the
commitment to have,
you know bedding sorted and other bits
and bobs in there.
Is it multi approval?
So I would say you probably can extend it
to Samantha,
so she's the operations senior operations.
Oh, it's not there. Yeah, yeah.
So I came to everybody approval,
but again, I just like the circumstances,
but again it's that it's down to common
sense as well. So she's pregnant,
obviously. Yeah. That should folks.
So this.
Is like they're working on like a a late.
Deal. Yes or?
Something. Yeah. And then.
Yeah.
It can. OK. Yeah. So yeah.
So you could so tell me what?
So how do they get triggered if we go
back to spaces,
how do you get the request you get?
Yeah. So just.
So it's usually the VL themselves,
so they're probably so depending on who's
on each child.
Up to five o'clock 6:00 that they want to
attend. Yeah.
You know exactly.
These are these again, sorry.
So we're here till 9:00 PM.
So how does that work, if somebody?
Emailed at half nine,
you'd have logged off, but they've sent.
It to admin at.
Ushers.com.
It's usually people who.
But that could be beyond,
so you'd have a working up, you know,
behind the scenes,
this is your matrix out of office hours
at 9 when you cut off,
then the assignment group then becomes
security.
You have access to be and then they would
get that notification.
That you know,
so they're presumably in the building and
Yeah.
then they would manage that access to
that part.
Yes, yes.
So there could be rules that be online.
It goes the assignment before is to
yourself after is and that's auto
assigned, so.
When the Fiona goes on.
Or on the key on behalf of the Fiona of
the.
But that could be performed and then it
gets triggered and they can book it
accordingly. So.
Are cleaners advised?
If someone that's a sleeping pod so that
they can go in after the?
Just look at the report.
So I'm thinking I don't know for sure,
right. So again, I'm sorry.
I'm just showing my screen again. So what?
That's right.
Services. That's like a live dashboard,
yeah.
Alright.
So let me just go to service provider and
I don't know if the cleaners use this
right. See the service.
But they could do we can have dashboards
for those, all those available.
It.
To see like there's a service required,
so I don't know if we just downloaded.
And see? Or is IT security?
It would say look, they've just left that.
But yeah.
But in terms of so when so they go on
trigger point they enter it, they want,
they want the sleeping part of they're in
the buildings are they are they they're
Yes.
in this, yes.
And then security get notification that
person.
'S got I.
Don't know how.
Many are available. They've got room 1024.
Yeah, but yeah,
because actually I forgot we need to let
security.
Know. Yes. So that's the main.
They need to change their past, yeah.
Into that room.
So that's a notification and then it's
assumed I'm assuming it's ready to go.
What I mean is catering the thing we
Yes.
don't need to go in and get the room
ready, not it's cleaning is done on exits.
So each room is.
State of Active Ready for use.
Yes, yes.
It certainly can.
And if these are treated as assets,
you'd have a state. Sorry, just.
Yes, like an asset state.
So.
So what I was saying is you'd have a
state, because if someone's just exited,
say for example,
it's it's early hours or the cleaners,
I haven't been able to refresh the room,
then it will be in, you know,
in clean or whatever the whatever the
status is.
And therefore that wouldn't come
available until they've completed that.
And then you'd need.
Then you'd need the mechanism for them to
Don't go up.
close, so part of your task,
and This is why all of these groups kind
of need to be on,
because what you'd have is once the
occupancy had finished,
a task will go to the cleaning crew.
They would then close their task and then
it would switch it back,
ready to go again.
You see what I'm saying so you can use
the task to drive the the status of the
of the pod.
Yeah.
And these rooms are quite good to manage
in the sense that once you're.
In.
It halfway through the night,
no one's going to move you.
'Re almost one the business was one
person. One room. Yeah.
All that length, the period, yes.
For that length of periods between 6:00
PM and what you know,
and it's only one occupancy per night.
So it's not like if you left at 5:00 AM,
you're waiting for another person to come
in at 5:15, so.
That's probably quite a good opportunity
that cleaning ashwa could say these were
used overnight.
They get that they get the notification
and they know how many rooms we use and
then turn them around,
so they're inactive until cleaning have
completed it to make it active again.
And that could be on the dashboard.
And and again you remember when I was
talking about the management of your
facilities provider,
turning those rooms around within service
level expect,
yeah expectation etcetera gives you a
chance to it would be an advantage for
ashes to be able to have a.
Trigger point that says you know you've
got your task to go clean it here.
You know,
we expect it done within six hours or
whatever it happens to be or three hours
or whatever the SLA is and then they will
close the task.
And then that gives you metrics to be
able to actually manage that supply.
This is where the overlap,
but this is my point.
Yeah, yeah.
This is where there's an overlap,
but your activity can be an advantage and
help them as well as vice versa if that
makes sense.
Yeah.
So we've got and the service hours that
they're available are what 7 PMI don't?
When someone, you know,
when they go to sleep because it were
8:00 PM till 8:00 AM, you know,
Yes.
is that the window that they're allowed
to occupy them? Is there a.
So they're only allowed to work
essentially.
Yeah, but what's the over?
What if it is overnight hours?
If I was.
What exit hours? Exit. Exit hours? Yeah,
so.
I'm looking at there's more.
Today we book anything like after work
there was like 10 in.
The.
Morning. Yeah. OK, 10 in the morning. OK.
That's a good. OK.
And then I'm just thinking about.
So they've got their room,
they enter it and they just think, well,
the lights,
but are they presumably then they can
move if you go back to, do they ever move?
I think.
If it's not right.
So obvious security.
Know who's to note, so I don't know.
Their process,
maybe they checked security to make sure
that.
It's anything. So maybe we check,
take that as a parking lot to make sure.
Well,
the room would be empty because as Mark
said that we would have an asset of that,
you know the status.
I'm gonna look it up.
So that's one from last week is booked
from uh midnight to is midnight the next
day. Do you know what I mean? So.
It's because they're.
Having it for.
Multiple nights,
so usually if it's like 2 nights.
Yeah, yeah, OK.
So these halls can be the cleaning enemy
gets they they cleaning only get the
notification to clean it on end date
effective leave dates. Yeah, that's yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Or as you see, they went down there.
They want to change everyday,
so they would probably need to know if
the room's been occupied at that time.
So that's I think they're looking at
security parties to see that they are,
Yes. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
I've I've done that as a parking lot.
yes.
That's probably, you know.
Been out.
Insecurity. Give it to them.
So if you're booking it for them up to
that same time,
do you manage those security passes or
security still OK.
You just do the booking for them.
Can.
Anybody go straight out to security?
Yes.
But they will have to now that would
systemize it now that they have to go
through this process.
Person's and security could complete it
on behalf of their standing there,
but it would still have to go through the.
In.
444 rooms. Yeah, be.
In London only or Glasgow have to look up,
OK. And Paris, what would I have?
So they've not moved them yet.
OK, that's OK.
OK.
I don't have access to people book day
today like they input a date until a date
or a time until a time.
So you've got your app,
you're the best one, Fiona,
who always uses that.
So he's always staying late.
We get notifications.
How often in advance?
Maybe I'll be connect.
OK.
Or is this not meant to like?
When it gets flagged so there was another
loss that may or was monitored.
We we send the portal. Sorry,
I send the link.
Al yeah, so.
She does for that report.
Yeah. OK. That's a good point.
Are they entitled to catering or doesn't?
OK, let me just get us. OK, that's fine.
OK, I think that that's managing rooms.
You've gone through categories,
sleeping pods.
And the cancellation process and the move
process.
Which I think it's let.
Me just check 24 hours activity,
48 hours activity,
notifications to catering.
Before reception and proving staff.
That's very good. That's quite a lot,
I think.
That's most of it done.
And then.
You might need to transfer or maybe in
the next topic to talk is managed
transportation.
I think there was lots of processes on
car parking, you know. So for example,
if they were coming car parking.
Motorbike parking there was that managing
that so is that incorporated as a
separate service or do they tend to be
part of the fact that they've booked a
room?
You're also checking that maybe they're
They.
also booking a space to come into the
office to allocate that.
You know it's.
Right.
Usually there's two different types you
can.
Reserve a space.
Like apparently is that because they're
coming to a meeting or it could be
completely separate reasons?
London we use the car parking for clients
or?
For the.
For the client.
Clients coming in OK.
Yeah. So maybe.
That's the same mountain in the space, so.
Sorry. How's counselling?
Partners can't book the space.
There is five spaces.
Yeah,
5 spaces in London 4 are bought by the
VMS and they are their space.
So we have one available space.
For.
For people who came to meet and or it's
the treatment.
So essentially we we don't really use
that space in London except outside, yeah,
1 space and it's I say perhaps it's
always a safe practise.
OK,
so it comes into you currently as
requesting to chair well and they will
give you the same.
Yes, yes.
I mean so it's comes in as new I want it.
I'm driving in now my train I need to get
there. My train is cancelled.
I need probably.
Get.
That very early in London. Yeah. Glasgow.
Yes, that would be a scenario.
And you get that. That's yeah.
You would get that in London, you say you.
Know in London, OK.
That's the question. Seriously,
it's a pre book.
Flights home? Yeah, 5 minutes ago.
And.
That's habit.
And is that just because they've always
had a space available?
Do you know anglers go?
It was COVID times.
It changed the way we used car parking
spaces,
so previously the car park is basically
Glasgow, which is for clients.
Or people who had an appointment early
late appointment my new space.
But now that is a prevalent for anybody
to use the space species things.
That's cool.
OK.
So.
Anybody can tell how many spaces in that
city?
Three. Yes, cucky right, so you suggest.
And they have to manage that.
So the way we have to manage that is put
it in higher, higher, OK, so.
So what was it you turned up with a car.
If you were driving in expecting you said
to go to the public if car park OK, so.
Yes. OK. Just me a favour and then?
Yeah.
I mean, I've I don't know,
we've probably all done that is it,
but I always used to park here.
I mean you have to change your habits of,
OK, if I'm in a car,
I've got to arrange where I'm going to
leave my car when I arrive.
So it's that change.
Just a quick question.
In pre booking before you arrive.
Just quick question for the London one.
You said that it might be used for trades
folks, you know the trades wouldn't.
Wouldn't that just be organised by
facilities directly?
Because usually someone's going to be in
because they're repairing something
therefore wouldn't that,
It.
wouldn't they just book that and lock it
out and just tell you it was taken for
that day because?
Have access to the booking system but.
Another great opportunity that facilities
you know and do they get.
So again we're back into that same
categorization. You know,
it is a room effectively it's it's got
all the equipment, but it is a.
That's why I was thinking do we manage it
as a room but you are effectively.
A space? Yeah.
And like we just talked about.
Does it have a hierarchy? That OK.
It was planned for trades people.
They have to come in for one of the
reasons.
But then the client says I need it is
there's moving that you have to move.
Is there any?
Out trumping when it comes to those.
It's.
Is it in here in London?
Very few volumes of people driving now.
Glasgow all the time.
But London's you have all the public not
many people, because you've got all the.
Yeah.
So we would,
we would see if it's already there, those.
Recommend. Oh, OK yeah.
And does that get paid for because they
think, well, I don't move for that space.
They just pay that they might expense. OK,
OK. So it's a very low volume and.
OK.
But they it could still be if we look at
standardising the process they request it
when they want it for who's it for and
tends to be the PE that requests that on
behalf of the person.
London you find this the.
Directly,
so they can just book a simple request
Yeah.
for that item that I'm doing that.
Yeah. Do you?
Need to know the time as well because see
for example someone wanted to get 9:00 to
2:00 then someone wanted it 3 till 5 like.
That would be OK, wouldn't it?
You need. Yeah,
you need to make them aware of it if
you're.
Becoming one after that,
something that's yeah.
Yes,
but you can have it the same like with
What?
the room. It's an active in out.
It's an exit.
You know it doesn't have to have any
catering or cleaning or they just pull
Yeah.
Do you?
Do you have the situation for disability
out.
parking close to are these over and above
the disability parking?
Yes, I think yes.
Let.
Him know with that?
But what was the?
Question he's sorry,
was there one in Glasgow?
And every single space.
And does that always have to be empty in
the event? So for example,
No, because what?
can it be used by a Fiona as well? If not,
yes, Mark,
Is.
what was your particular sign into?
Well,
I was going to say sometimes through and
it just depends on on your organisation.
But if you have, I've seen some,
I've been party to somebody,
my team who was wheelchair access,
who had permanent space in in that. Yeah.
So although it was disabled parking.
They to keep the disabled one free,
they allocated a permanent space of the.
So if we had five outside the main
building that I'm thinking and recalling
one of those was a disabled one and the
other one was permanently allocated to
this individual because they had access
needs.
Do you ever have that where something's
blocked?
Out or you just don't have that.
That player in your organisation,
so it hasn't occurred.
It's not within our team that was going
to be a scenario.
Obviously they would need to go ahead and
speak to operations so that patients we
Cool. Yep.
are.
Assist for John's path because he's
disabled and he needs it for that, but.
It could be, as you say,
that it's available.
So if we look at the status of that car
parking space, it was active.
And you can you can book it for your
disability. That's fine, but.
If it needed to be blocked out for go to
operations, that's an approval process.
Mm-hmm. Yes, I'm just.
And it.
Becomes UN inactive, so you can't book it.
But all other times it's active to be
used for other.
Fee owners to park in if it's available.
That's probably the sort of process mark
of the.
Yeah.
Now that makes sense because the other
thing is, if they're,
if they are hybrid worker, obviously,
then you logically you'd still expect
them to tell you when they were going to
be in. So it was available. Yeah,
no standard good.
We don't before 7.
We don't have that for our clients.
This one lady who needed the car space so
but she, but she would let us know. Yeah,
she would be in.
But no, apart from that, that's probably.
The one that was one and there could be
either it's a permanent roles,
OK.
they always we it's always going to be
used or they come in three days a week,
it's always going to be used.
So you've got the system to make it
basically what it's saying is it's a
space, it becomes inactive or.
Active,
and if it's for longer than your four
weeks rules that we might set,
then it might be approval, yeah.
And they could equally say, well,
actually I'm going to add to that.
I'm coming in on Monday. Is it available?
And that may be if there's a fee on that,
it's Brookdale.
There might be a conversation with the
Thea, I want to say, could you park?
You.
Know there's no other space available.
Could you park?
There's a recommended space, you know.
Hundred chance. OK, that's logical.
Do we want to be asking for justification
up front?
I would say I haven't seen. No,
I haven't seen because there's not high
volume car parking at London everyone.
Just because his.
Name. Sorry,
I think it's about the sustainability.
Are you bringing cooked? Yeah, the cooked.
Let's be clear. Is it before it gets?
Out of control, like Glasgow? Yeah.
Said before COVID, nothing happened. Yeah.
So it could be.
Have I think.
Rules in place because then it just helps
with like consistent even just from a.
Change the.
Perspective and what Simon's saying about
culture. Yeah,
like tech can only do so much.
But if we just set the President,
actually.
These are the rules based on.
Yes.
How we work, I'm sure, I'm sure that.
Numbers.
Or.
Congestion charge before that, you know,
there was a space and you might have your
family like.
Can I actually just?
Working that day,
so I'm sure that doesn't happen,
but as you said,
maybe reasons for parking there not for
I got no.
personal or?
For example.
Again, that is our approval task, yeah.
Yeah, it's very good.
Yeah,
because the the benefit of doing that is
you could do,
you could provide knowledge articles
which explain these are the criteria that
is acceptable and then they can either
align to that and if they've got an
exception, it makes approval easier.
Yeah.
But we can't.
We can't even have see our book Saturday.
So I'm saying that's what I'm saying for
not.
Working but you just declined.
No, because we've got stuff again.
Social Security is there. So let's.
OK.
So that's and for.
That's our policy. We're coming in.
So I have to work Monday,
Friday but see I book to Saturday so that
I don't need to pay to park on the street
and go shop.
Some people might.
Book it for say like.
A workshop or something like.
It's a team for work purposes.
So not working as it's not.
That.
A little bit that should be on like,
so there's things as well we have.
Like for credit cards, for instance,
for corporate credit cards.
I'm just thinking we have automated rules,
so even if your internal stuff and you
typically wouldn't use a corporate credit
card even if you wanted to apply for it,
it would be automatically like systems
that computers. That's no.
Not not for the.
It might be available.
So the reason for justification of,
you know,
or the fact that you don't typically work
a Saturday,
Yes.
you know there are work Saturdays.
Yes.
More are those the ones that really need
approval? You can't just book them.
See that as we can, it's usually it.
So they are, yeah.
Yeah.
That was it.
Yeah. Yeah. And you capture that,
you know? So yeah, as you said,
reasons for driving in can be captured.
Yeah.
Yeah. Do you report on that sort of stuff?
At the moment.
Actually.
It is rare that we can say we have.
Yeah, that's good.
I'll likely do it like all the time.
It's maybe like if we need an event.
Going on so might again better than that.
Like they don't use it at the.
Other time as as well so even.
If they wanted to, like.
It could be entry to car park,
entry to office.
Yeah.
Entry department only never came.
Hang back at 1:00 AM.
So.
And you can start to see those, but yes,
but we can grade those.
So low volumes,
but you can see that I think that reason
for justification probably captures.
That.
You could have like a drop down or rather
than a few.
Text.
Just.
Because it'll be planned down time.
Plan scheduling.
You said it tend to be client work,
but yeah,
and other they could start to add stuff
and we could we,
you know once you get others you can
start to incorporate that back into the
Yeah.
check box.
Drop down list. Yep, makes sense.
Mitchell.
Motorbike parking that just squeezes into
one of those spaces or is that?
And again, that is yes,
more vegan's I say that process because.
Do they tend to have more?
You need to pay for.
It.
So, and it's only in London.
So.
That's because they don't have to be fee
owners to.
Yes, anybody, if you if you want to,
if you're a national employee and you
want to.
A bike space? It's not just a talk.
You need to basically take it all as one
or don't take it at all. So.
Yeah.
No, no.
We can take it as long as you want.
OK. So that's something that's agreed,
but that again like the and there's a
So.
particular space for that.
Yes, yes. And again that.
Yeah.
'S only so many species.
Etcetera. So there's another there's, say,
a Bank of four.
Again,
like the assets or the room booking,
they become active inactive, yes.
So you know that they've booked it from
first January or they do it for summer
months,
March to October and they start getting
you know, they're riding in the winter.
But they're booked out and they can't be
allocated to someone.
Else again and that's just.
A spreadsheet the security use to.
See if it's in the species and.
Does security manager,
so presumably who triggers that
activation request it?
To ask.
You next to see if there any streets left,
and then we we is security.
Find it with any species like and then
let them know. Yep.
There's a space here and it's such and
such.
Your period or.
Yeah.
Be they would have to be.
So it's a great knowledge article.
I want to part my motive.
What do I need to do?
And then there's the request form.
This is how much it is.
It's not free.
It's kind of come out your payroll.
You know,
probably actually there's the other bike
to work scheme as well.
We were touched upon.
Do you want to continue? Oh gosh,
how much is it a month? You know how much?
And then you might decide that you want
to proceed.
So that could be.
Yeah.
Yeah. And we advise payroll,
but as a part of a meeting.
Except try for example,
they would just be invoiced OK.
Yeah,
those appear will be on ServiceNow
eventually at least.
I was just going to say this is where we
can join it up because payroll will be on,
won't they?
Gain the volumes so so.
Think so? We can check. Yeah,
we can check.
Would they, are they not? Oh, maybe I'm.
Maybe I'm imagining it,
but I thought they were.
I just.
They're not in asking they're culture.
Second, yeah, yeah.
Oh, that's right. Yeah, yeah.
So I.
Yeah,
but there's no reason why they couldn't
get a notification.
Know that's exactly.
Yeah, I've got that as a. Just a check.
OK, so and then.
So if they're not,
they get the invoice and they get that.
Retrospectively,
at the end of every month, essentially.
And then so I think that the BBC.
And then.
Right. OK. Yeah.
That's of your outsourced.
I'm just looking at that because I asked
one or two.
Can.
We just once Valley is it to chase up a
few.
Not see the.
Money.
You don't, you don't.
You don't swear. And how long? Yeah.
Would would you want on that form for
them to remind you. Having said that,
you'd be handling their bank details.
So no,
you'd probably have to do that
differently. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah,
because this is the query for the
Challenge my own thinking then.
activity mastering their data within them.
I think there was bike permits,
although you have the right to right to
work schemes that Asha, so yes.
The bikes,
part of the bike and enough spaces for
I saw again you would believe with
security to see.
the.
I.
Right. And then?
Mean that, but it's security on there,
you know, I mean, it's all inactive.
Yeah.
Inactive anchor space. Yeah.
So that that alleviates that problem.
Yes.
So when you got the request even up front,
the request form can look up. I want to,
you know set the tone,
but before they've even requested it,
it's full. Yeah.
You know that actually you don't need to
request at this point.
I don't know whether they can be on the
waiting list, you know,
It's ever that's a good thing.
or they could be on the waiting list.
First come, first serve,
probably a growing bank though, isn't it?
And that's when you think I'm at capacity
for hashers. Do I need to get?
More.
Bike there more people are bike biking to
work.
You know, like that I think it.
For security,
I don't have to do that already and check
yes,
see if it's still been used or still here
etcetera so.
Oh.
Yes.
But that would be leave us join this.
Leave us. Leave us. Process that.
If you've left,
that triggers that your bike space should
probably.
Yeah,
but all of those we could join those up,
that becomes, you know,
if you leave your bike space, yes,
you know all of that.
Stopping paid.
Things that could happen,
but your bike space.
To to expand on that,
Deborah to expand on that, that,
Yes.
that should also mean you know that
whether you've booked meeting rooms and
things like that,
they get checked because it wouldn't
necessarily get cancelled because you
might have booked one and somebody's
Yes.
taken over and still going to need.
To do the work,
but there needs to be a mechanism where
anything that you've pre booked car by
whatever is just validated checked as
part of leavers.
The potentially there might also be
movers because if you say you're moving
So that.
from, I don't know,
UK to oz or something and you've got
those things. Again,
you'd want to be cancelling those and.
You know.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
I'm moving from here to here,
Yeah.
and I give up my space.
I think it's just because the spaces are
not and the system is just a.
Spreadsheet, but they could well be.
No, but we could put them in the system.
That's the point.
It's not actually you just park your bike
like a car.
You need to be able in a particular space,
but presumably with a is it a bike rack?
I don't even know what they it might,
but you've seen them, but sometimes.
OK, so it might be,
but you can if you arrive in three is
available, you just park your bike there,
you know, it's probably.
Not.
It's a capacity thing rather than an
actual.
It might be a decimated right,
but it would be.
Good to actually I guess designated space,
yeah.
OK, that's it.
There'd be rails, aren't they?
If it's anything like the ones that I've
used where you have rails,
you ride the bike into your slots.
Do you know what I mean?
They have the sort of under shelter.
Is it? Yeah.
The one thing is it a dedicated number
for your bike?
I'll be honest with that process.
Yeah.
But we've done it the same way.
As the yes,
but you might want to get a bike.
Luminess is part of joiners as well as
processing.
You're here. You've got use to it.
I'm feeling, you know, actually,
it's quicker for me to ride in.
I get the incentive for my bike to be,
you know, right to work.
Is it an off the back? It's definitely no.
Just take it as well.
No, this is not going to be here guys.
Because it's a UB, the space. Oh,
that's because you've got a bicycle tag,
so you get a bicycle tag.
All you.
Yeah.
See. Yeah. So it's it's not.
I thought you just can't. It's not like.
The the the other reason they do that and
just I'll ask the question from my own
Yeah, exactly. You can't.
experience that it prevents damage,
right and and and if you've got tag to
say someone knocks your or scratches or
whatever especially with high tech
machinery.
You'd have allocated spaces, as I say,
to keep risk of bikes falling over not
being locked properly,
and all of that kind of stuff,
so it must be the same as that, yeah?
And it's a case of the basically tag,
you know who owns that bike.
So if he's left and he's left that bike
there, what happens to it?
Yes.
Is the bicycle belonging to Ashurst or do
you all be there?
No, I'll be there.
Yeah.
And equally it could be the usage of that
Yeah.
space. But like meeting rooms, you know,
they could do that so.
Fact that you said that you wanted a bike
space and you've never used it, you know,
maybe a month you've been given a month
for usage or it's in that it's you booked
it out, is it we can,
it can be made available to someone else.
So there's an incentive.
If you say you're going to write work.
Yes, need to.
Work.
So it's there.
OK. Yes.
Are you?
That.
Yeah. And with security, no.
That activity I mean,
is it sort of what happened in tapped out
type of?
I would assume that would know with.
The.
Pass, so obviously need to.
Go into the bike area.
And.
Then that report could be pulled from
that.
OK, maybe we can part that.
Once security you receive you.
Know that we've got the pairs I.
Don't think I can't remember if they're
on the pairs or not,
but I know they receive like a weekly
join, yes.
So we can get from the thing off the back
about the cancel the card and stuff so we
There.
I.
Yes.
Yeah, but.
can go.
I'm assuming it's maybe one to pick up
Yeah.
I'm.
and if it's only for a short. Yeah, yeah,
certainly, but.
Workshop.
Yeah, yeah, suddenly. But to request it,
you would know upfront that actually 10
people and then again a bit like car
parking, however.
Locally,
these are the other available available
bike lanes, so that could give them.
It's not available.
Mm-hmm. Well.
Now you're on the waiting list,
but you can still buy to work and you can
park here.
Or you need to apply.
To this other and some recommendations
after that, OK.
It's OK,
they can actually need to be involved at
all. The going straight to security.
No or not.
Again, it should. It could be a necessary.
Yes, that's what I mean. Yeah,
that's good.
And they can't squeeze their bike into
the fee car space.
I'm sure they're fiestas.
Hard down there.
And then so for instance,
it benefits that people have, like,
I don't know,
you can have the Tesla and rather than
pay, is that part,
do you manage any of that?
No, no.
It shows that actually just thinking
about that right to work schemes as well
is the fact that.
Promoting way to work,
but I actually don't even have a space.
I suppose that's another.
That's a conversation that the
applicant's capacity should match the
capacity that's in.
The building so that could be a report
that's pulled just to make sure it's
being matched.
I don't refer to how many people.
I mean, it's just I'd hope for Glasgow.
So we just right, so there's no.
OK.
Yeah. OK. So we'll ask, that's different,
but this it could be that as capacity
grows and you want some security,
you use the process for and they still
need to maybe they should or should.
Yes.
No passport,
but it could be that they're still
utilising the same process, maybe yeah, I.
Can have a look at that.
Is there any more transportation?
We've done. Motorbike taxi. Taxi.
I think that would just be hopefully.
Again, it came through.
It's an approval task.
That is going to be approved so everyone
attended a meeting in London and you're
at again, but you need to leave. Yes,
we can.
Yes.
And through the account.
OK, so who can book?
So the trigger today is that you get into
show a request by taxi and they need to
say is that pre booked?
Yes.
So London are only booked as a client,
is that is that?
If the actual client is in attendance.
Yes.
In the taxi review, yes.
So.
I'm not just in the meeting we have.
They have to be in the taxi.
So so.
To be entertained.
At all times.
So either you can book a taxi with the
client,
or you can book your client a taxi, right?
Right, right.
So it's got to be basically it's just a
client, so it can be challenged to, yeah,
either my number most mostly don't want
to charge the taxes.
Yeah.
Because it's the tax expenses in London.
So previously we looked at all the time
Is this the?
and had to cut back.
So it's only our client is attended.
OK.
So the request comes in.
Yeah.
You get an e-mail to say,
but you only matter number.
So there's a validation on that 4/3,
I don't know 432.
So we can validate that who's the client
name?
I do. It's the video that.
And who's the?
So that could be all for the PE conduance.
Yes, on behalf of.
Yeah.
Their partner and that could be mandatory
data that Ben lands with yourself.
How much notice?
Could.
Be on the day. Yeah. Could you bring it?
Could be.
As soon as possible.
So the fact that they've populated client
Fiona partner matter number is that
assumed approval or do you then need to
for London?
For London, yes.
Yes, OK.
School.
Essentially, if you've got a cost code.
But still rules clients. No, no,
it's a cost code based.
OK.
See, we were going volunteering,
for example,
for they didn't hear something as long as
we kept cross code. Yeah. Then it's fine.
We.
Would know that cross code for that type
is a certain Costco, so it's 62110, right?
We would know that there's a pro bono
code.
If you see OK,
I'm going to find find my feedback going
to use this code,
then we would question it, OK.
Right. But that rules can be up there.
So you enter your cost code. I mean,
obviously you can say actually I'll try
another one. So it goes through.
A new number of attempts to be counted,
but that you can put set those rules up
front with that appropriate cost code.
Start commencing with the rules is the
OK.
only time you can do much.
Yeah. So let's say get for instance.
Is it like our company and I was a Fiona,
can I not go and book a taxi and have to
climb with it? Do I always have?
To give you ask connect no so it just
usually the taxis. Yeah.
So the taxis from London.
The the process could change because of
the volume so.
That's fine.
The FIAS for using it to teach.
And to notebooks,
sort of the accounts for take that
product.
They were taking it to the.
What is that speaking to like?
The concerts, not service for concerts.
It was like just just bringing.
Yeah, it's really nice though.
Things are getting back up.
And it's miles and miles and miles. Miles.
OK, we need to change the process,
so if a fee and I want to.
Taxi.
It's got to either use.
Or pay for that and get it being boxed.
Yeah, so,
but it's definitely for the clients.
So can you request?
So that's one scenario we've got the
client, yeah.
And we've got a matter number within
there. We've got Glasgow, you know,
new location,
cost codes and it could be the rules up
front. But can the partner also request?
A taxi, if he supplies his own,
does he ever get to or do they just tend
to get a new ball? Black cab here.
Yeah, we're just, we will go back.
So previously that you should try it all
the time.
Like can you pick a taxi so that we've
been told we need to go that's process.
So if they went through,
they come to us and say can I have a taxi?
I'm going in the airport. Yeah,
I want to see go back to when they want
to. They'd use they know you need to like.
Your own taxi through your own name.
Well, that's a great well, you know,
I've been cert and then it just stops it.
Yeah.
In the past,
you don't have to go back and forth,
think maybe we'll book it yourself.
We've got, you know, all your peers. Yeah,
we can book it or hair.
And that process works very well.
Do you get less of those?
So it sounds like it's been stopped
across that we can. OK, so.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. But.
I've been going to.
So I.
Do it all in mysteria.
Last week you went with taxi plan.
Yes, he's booked a taxi for them.
Do you do that from then? Yeah.
Yeah.
And what?
So then we can.
Was the justification for them,
so they're not.
So.
Come on down.
Etcetera.
And let's see if they I don't mean so
account but see because operations.
Mm-hmm.
They are essentially our stakeholder when
it comes to high school because they have
been the bummer anyway.
So they request that.
Operation.
Yeah.
So Operation Pass will request that we
don't question that. We just.
OK, so as.
So requests for taxi, for example,
could have a drop down client.
Operational safety.
And then you've got these cost coding
plans.
You know that's that could be the check
box and then depending on what's selected.
Then the you.
Know the client, as we said matter.
All those fields appear,
but the others it's a different set and
then for operations.
Who is more times and for their safety,
and then that's the that's all the
approval of funds are.
Then you just get the, you know,
pick up points location that needs to be
populated where from where to.
OK, probably stop.
Is there any stopping on,
you know I need to stop.
Could you stop here?
But expect to be pick up point on the end
what you've seen and start on top you
know date and time.
Configured so that.
Operations staff.
See the operations option nobody else
does. There's nobody else.
Yeah, exactly. So nobody else could. Yeah,
because when you do, your single sign on,
you could be part of a group that that,
that's the only option available to you.
Yeah.
Because I can, I can't.
Put something there's operations,
no operations.
Yeah, yeah. I mean,
you could see it on behalf of the guy.
The reason could do that I would just put
it down.
It's obviously separate at London Clare
School, put the permissions in London.
Basically, that's a client in attendance.
Yeah.
So yeah,
and that's that is that please use an
alternative go. Yeah.
And just put you know.
A link to Chrome #9.
And the operations,
ones and exceptions are they?
And then Glasgow.
So obviously anybody as long as we post
code, yeah.
But the volumes again I'm not lacking,
so I wouldn't even worry about it.
But they could reason for reason for
justification, justification again.
Yeah, yeah. And of course.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. So what's the cost code?
I think you mentioned it. If it's a six.
62 or.
Week auto populate that.
Yeah, this is aye.
And then if they change it would you like?
That to become an approval.
They wouldn't change it to be fair.
Otherwise, it's for Glasgow.
Yes.
You don't.
It leaves them that they know it's
Yeah.
they've got to enter it. Yeah. Yeah.
And so just to go back to that operation
to put, they're rare,
but you want them to be on a request of a
form up front.
If they're in operations to be able to do
these sort of.
Digit comes under just. Just do.
Yeah.
Oh Yep, I.
It straight away.
Think sometimes operation you'll say no
on codes from other people,
but it's not actual operation.
So we still want them to, yeah.
So it's just the 2.
Yeah.
I really think it's high school this
relationship.
Like as a client as a client there. Yeah,
that's it. OK.
What we don't need?
Is.
That could be like just because it's not.
I kind of agree with Deborah. It's good,
just have consistency because you don't
want to wait for an issue and then say
yeah.
I use the operation.
Sorry dictate on that. Like Bill Gates,
taxes and code.
So I actually need to look sort of like
again.
That's fine.
Low volumes, aren't they very. You know,
it's not out of control behaviour.
Would you say I mean?
It's a case of the charity stuff that's
doing or operations. Yeah. Do you?
Know what I mean? So.
Yeah, you.
Know anything sort of set rules where
you're actually in the office that day or
you know, but then. But as you said,
it's low volumes.
We've got at least starting framework
that you can get insights from and then
you could start to look at process
changes based on.
You.
Know the dashboard.
Yeah.
Or the report.
OK, that's good's umm,
can we just do the tqi month?
We've done manage room booking?
Is there anything else?
We.
Might transport,
we've done manage booking.
I just wanted to teach you.
I'm a recommendation to go into a set of
services that's available.
He's just the economic stuff.
Yeah.
So then it's the ergonomic well-being and
safety.
So I just want to see that you do
ergonomic assessments or allowance
history. General crews. Help them see it,
and then there's some new joints and the
new and expectant mothers.
Of course.
So I thought, do they fall under? I mean,
it was a interesting reading the
processes I thought I put them under
managing the workspace.
You know well-being and safety.
Yeah. So.
Ask connect. See because I was thinking.
Is new.
Join us to help them.
With equipment we're working from home.
So they'll ah.
OK. We're at home assessments. Yes, right.
OK.
And so the.
Schedule task which is the Joiner's
report, joiners, labels,
labels and which is a scheduled task and
which we would send an e-mail link to the
appropriate person to make the contract.
The.
Link to do the assessment for.
What people might.
And obviously on the back of that we get
feeds. So these can be divested,
can be purchased, this can be.
Have this, have that, etc.
Because there is standard set that you
can write so that could be formalised
Yes.
that.
So that's kind of knowledge articles.
I put all that in. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, great potential.
So lots of queries. Can we buy this?
Can we buy that?
Wells so.
That's all pre set. So what they can do?
Report.
And then basically all basically have an
outcome of what they should be
recommended,
but then sometimes they'll come back to
us and ask can.
I get this. Can I get that?
OK, so the standard set, so when they,
I mean we'll link with Hannah who did the
HR move the need this process.
So this could be incorporated.
So it's triggered that you don't say
you're already getting this productivity
that that's been triggered.
That they need.
I don't know whether it's graded or
banded,
but you know when you're this grade,
you can have a chair and a dance.
And the only objection to being is your
contract. So unless your if you.
If.
Are on contracts so.
All.
Like you guys, you guys will come in.
You guys have you have a party worker,
so that would be another report and we
obviously it's evening,
November we don't send emails.
S yeah,
and you must be entitled to the 250.
Yeah,
but we're still triggered as part in the.
Head count? Yes, actually on fusion.
Question. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Design your headcount will be everybody.
The portfolio of everybody that's working.
Yeah.
Yeah. So we did we take the report down.
So we've manually out to out.
Yeah.
So we'll remove like work experience.
Yeah.
What was the first one you remove
experience so?
Working.
There's, there's quite a few, actually,
so we'll probably need to.
Have a look to see.
Interns work years.
Yeah, I know those other in Germany,
I'm sorry.
And nor did.
Or something is that?
I have no idea, OK.
As well. So it's it's like global,
it's a global task. So we sort of.
Sure. OK.
So in part we've touched base with Hannah
and HR's face of that,
that standardised list that we probably
have a checklist, yes. And then they come.
So they know up front what they're
entitled to.
So how do the queries get formed or why
are they asking for certain things if
they know what they can get?
How to?
Out of the queries come about today.
So literally can I get a photos and home
disc even though it's these 250,000?
OK, so we can stop that off of the path.
Yes. Yeah. So that's so. Do you get it?
I mean,
I have two deaf children that are now
working.
They work remotely,
so they might have an additional
assessment that you might need for your
special needs. You know, for example,
a loop, not that they want, you know,
the house can't be made into a whole loop
I want you to have.
system, but fortune.
But there might be speakers or.
You know,
like teams doesn't necessarily work very
well with equipment.
Essentially passed.
The.
Right.
But HR would know that disability,
so part of your disability triggers. Yeah.
They should, yeah.
And so should the health and safety
management.
OK. Thank you.
Part of onboarding.
There's a workplace adjustment. Passports.
OK.
Yeah.
So they'll get that quite early on in.
Their onboarding and so they can fill
that out and they send that back to ask
upon them, ask people to send that.
One too,
but it sounds like this is something that
can be headed off at the pass through
these join us, you know,
maybe it changes over time that they.
You know,
maybe they have an accident or something
that it still comes in under the
workplace adjustment form because it
sounds like you're just picking up the
queries that you might have to say no, no.
No, no.
We can't access the system and so because
we use. What? Right?
Right, yes, because the workplace.
So if we can't access that?
Adjustment passport and work rate.
They are separate because.
You're like the.
Work adjusted passport is basically right
at the start of on boarding to find out.
What's your name?
So obviously up to the person to send
that back and they ask you to we'll do
what they need to do with it.
But when is it you get that?
Report and when?
Do you send it out? Do you know?
It's like a link.
The last 10 days of the showers we get.
Yeah. What's the export? Consistent.
Who's going out the neighbours?
The system so.
There's levers I said,
so I think it's in HR online that send it.
Yeah.
I'm forgetting that yours were at the.
People, ones I've just.
Typed.
Yeah, that's fine.
So Nicky was in some of them.
So I think.
It's her team that basically it's like an
automated.
Mm-hmm. For that comes over fusion.
That includes joiners and leavers.
For like that.
Week etcetera.
So that's comes to you guys.
And then that same when you send the
links out, yeah.
And you can say we because we're TQ Y.
So we're link with.
Yes.
The.
Team anyway, that will be picked up.
You.
That's, you know,
the in that's where it's triggered. Sorry,
Mark, you're going to say.
No,
I was just going to say we'd look what we
would do is take that away and logically
join it up so that you'd either get a
task or you'd get, you know,
the appropriate mechanism to be able to
answer. So yeah.
At this at this point,
this sounds like at the moment it's
picked up by joiners.
You know in the workplace assessment.
So at this point we've got no queries,
it's the bit where we can head off how
they then say actually I need so work.
Right.
Is that's a system that they then say
what that that lays out their
entitlements,
is that right or we have that.
So.
It's it's the e-mail templates that we
send out.
So.
Will you join us?
And that that's why I work, right?
Yeah. So the template,
so the process is we would send like to
the appropriate people on the new Jordans
form. Yeah, maybe.
The issues raised.
Would be notified on the work break
system to say.
Shiondrano has five issues.
We would then go to these issues and say,
OK, so she's she's not any.
We also have chair.
She's not got appropriate days.
So we would say without a template and it
would be either a chair of text template
or it can't be manually sent out template
to say you're entitled to that.
Here is the features and and that's how
it's done.
OK, so when you join umm.
Yeah.
Then you get that workplace assessment
form is triggered for everybody.
Is that why it's?
Did they say?
Sent out by us.
OK. But it could be that when you join.
You could be.
On part of your onboarding, you know,
tell us about your set up at home.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
You know, I, you know your.
Chair your desk so that.
You're ergonomically what you need,
not working from the bed.
Yeah. With this, Deborah, we should,
we should join up with Hannah on this one
Yeah, yeah.
just but yeah,
because I think there's a load of things
Yeah.
that we can just automate.
Exactly. So you're not even.
At this point I haven't.
I'm saying Mark is it's Only Connect get
the I'm trying to work out.
How do you then get the push back of the
queries?
Because if we handle it through HR
onboarding.
You're only the queries are then coming
to you and it's that bit of that that I'm
trying to probably get to as if it was
handled by the up front.
It might be that this process goes away
from. It's opposite, you know, goes, yeah.
I think there's a there's a lot of tasks
that as people do like post join into,
like D1, etcetera. I don't see why.
That couldn't be.
One of them, yeah.
Just deal with it.
Is this been a discussion before or?
Did you know?
It's it's the point where because we
manually add them on, we work right?
I don't know what we can automatically
add them because it's like a process.
It's like we need to like, follow.
Yeah, yeah,
I probably don't know what enough of what,
what tasks is it doing today?
Actual service hours not going to,
you know, make obsolete.
On that probably is your unique like to
access and then you can track those.
They've done it on.
Even.
Yeah, that like.
Services. Now that's no. Yeah, you.
That's.
Know as our.
Post joining task and D exactly the add
them to work right.
It's generates that e-mail.
They go in and do their work right
assessment? Yep.
Good, I think.
I think HR,
if I'm writing to this week and I think
HR do it in Australia and there was a
there was a question about whether that
should actually jump over.
For consistency, yeah.
I'm not always,
but he's he's an AC problem with the
It's.
chair. It's not ours. It's not your job.
It's obviously, yeah.
So I'm just.
Thinking that.
It's a creative.
It could be that it could be these
activities become obsolete for you
because it's already it's handled up
front.
Yes,
I'm sure we'll be changing places from us.
Because.
You're almost triggering the process and
then from that getting the queries,
but if it's handled up front that all
that ergonomic you know,
Yeah.
I've got a product desk has signed off,
and then the knowledge articles.
This is what you're entitled to,
because do you then if they do land with
you today, do you?
Who do you assign it to to do the to make
sure they get their chair there.
Who then orders all that stuff for them?
That's.
Nice up today something so we basically
template, yeah.
They would say.
Yeah, this this.
This sounds like it's gonna process.
Yeah, because this, Deborah,
this lines up.
I was in one of those sessions where they
were talking about ergonomic mice and
ergonomic keyboards and things like that,
and the areas just tend to, you know,
just tend to buy them. Like,
because I was expecting IT to manage
those. So that if you,
if you had an ergonomic keyboard and you
needed a replacement because it failed,
you'd.
Get the equivalent one and they'd manage
it and control it,
but it's all a bit local,
but the point is the triggers.
If the triggers and then the activities
and if the things that they've got to do
themselves to arrange,
the ordering thereof, etcetera,
is all in their gift.
It feels like we should.
We should just align the process and get
it started in the right place without
your.
You're involved with that fine with
Hannah on the that side and we can get
Yeah.
Hey Cortana.
this kicked kicked off.
And it could be.
Be that as a general, sorry.
What is the?
It may be a, sorry.
Logic of guys having people to work.
Craig,
do you do other things with that system
apart from this?
No, we.
And actually the the health,
the new expected mother's that.
Issues.
Added for you.
You can still manage those issues.
Yeah, yeah. So it could be will link up.
And then that's when we send it the same
thing. OK,
so you've completed the assessment and
it's highlighted the problems we've got
and then we check in a daily basis and
then send out the appropriate form to say
Sure.
you can buy something like that.
Yeah.
And if you just so it sounds like we'll
pick that up with HR set,
the trigger might not even touch you,
but I think there is that ongoing is now
broken.
I have an issue whether that's picked up
as the a general query.
You know I've got mark with your stuff.
It's like I've got an issue now and then
it feeds into the.
Yeah.
Language when it's broken,
all my chairs broken.
My wheels have sort of.
Probably get back to eyes.
So we bought it for home and then they
came back through six months later to see
my chair's broken.
That's a knowledge article in its making,
so it doesn't need.
Yeah.
The question I have, and I had this.
Teaching this process right?
So the question that I have is really
everybody's entitled to this money.
I don't get why we need.
To.
What I'm saying is you would only be
notified that you're entitled to have you
just started? Yeah, I'm just started.
And you felt on you've done the training,
but it's not highlighted an issue you
wouldn't. You know, you wouldn't.
The Ashfalls gave you 250 to be part of
that entitlement.
That is your onboard team.
I've joined our chef because.
Set up my room.
They.
I start the I start my working life as it
should be, because if I.
Was in the office. Yes, yes.
Obviously we're looking at from the start.
Everybody should be entitled to it,
depending on what tracks, as I say so.
And so it's not a cost issue,
it's just that it's not,
To uh.
I mean it's available for them.
So this is one of those that as part of
the HR,
so the whole onboarding piece there could
be a whole suite of documentation,
entitlement information that just is a
trigger point that either somebody
launches or at certain phase when they've
onboarded say they've gone through
certain criteria.
There's an auto task that just sends that
documentation straight out to them
Would it? I mean we've got.
without, you know,
including the form including it,
potentially the form,
so they you could almost do that
something where if they,
if they've got some findings and you have
a tick,
if they come back with certain tick boxes.
You could almost see get the system to
look at those,
what they've ticked and then send the
appropriate form without any human
involvement at all.
I was going to say that, you know,
say for example your two new junior
associates,
you know you started and one found out
they could spend 250 and over coffee or
next meetings that the other person found
out they didn't get. You know,
it's almost setting a tone,
isn't it that why wasn't.
Actually, if it's if,
it's when you get your laptop they get.
I mean the excitement of I've got this,
I've got, I've got my new chair,
And if there's a place.
I've got my new setup, I'm ready to go.
It's a nice. It's a nice reputation of.
Thing because join an e-mail,
it's seen out to every new joiner and it
starts it. It differs.
If it's like Glasgow, London, whatever.
But.
I don't think it does any harm.
Putting information in there about that,
you know the amount etcetera,
because that.
Charge would be is this?
This was a relatively new process in
terms of.
Because COVID.
Yeah.
So this is only this process we need to
go.
And so relatively new process.
Right.
But also is that you want people,
presumably you're still setting the
standard that you work hard at home.
I mean it's not.
Yeah.
And we want you, we can increase your.
I mean we can increase the amount of time
I think.
you're working because you're comfortable.
Is an advantage, so why not comes back?
Yeah.
The only thing that I can think of is why
they don't do it as standards.
That costs money on what? Right.
So for each person's added,
it costs money. So for a licence, I'm.
Trying to work out what would work,
how how work like what is work right Siri.
It's been it's getting to.
It's the training,
it's the learning and developing.
Platform to walk through.
Yeah,
but you could possibly do that through
knowledge. You see, if we're,
we could probably do that through
knowledge.
You could have a video through your
knowledge articles in ServiceNow
potentially without the need to even
utilise that service unless you're doing
a unless you're catching and certifying
that they've done the training or they've
gone out.
It it might be something to just look at
what that is in its entirety.
Is it ongoing getting on your development?
It also suggests other learning
development.
It's a learning development tool.
That that is weird. That is so weird.
So it's it's modules,
so it's health and safety, so economic.
OK. So it's LMS.
Yes, yes, yeah.
But most of our.
Manager training. We do announce,
don't we?
And then imagine it's just.
Sorry, yeah, learning management.
Internal like we've got anti bribery
healthy.
The ones that we we only use the 2,
so we only use the agile working home.
I don't know the official name,
so basically that says for working home.
Sure, if you're talking if.
This the new and expected months course.
That's only two that we try to see.
Everything else? Yeah.
So there are other ones.
On it. But I don't think.
That's an.
I just don't.
Know if they do like a.
Can take directly because I.
Knowledge. Yes, I could be.
Be getting wrong with what this is but
from when I because I had to renew my not
wrong and I remember to ask you questions
like are your elbows on the dance like
does your seat have wheels on that?
Yeah. OK.
These are several thousand, yeah.
No. You trigger a survey,
you make it like a survey.
In my previous home,
we've set out for our Department of HSE,
it's called like we just got the stuff
from that user SharePoint.
Yep 4 which is the same idea.
So we did it in.
Yeah, we could trigger that.
Yeah.
Time.
Yeah.
Using that information.
I don't the.
The process is from a new sket the
manager, so maybe.
We can investigate that of what's on it.
See the overlap that we.
It's definitely worth talking about I.
Think we can probably do something?
I think it is anuska and will she be in
the facilities 1?
Did you see my? Oh,
they couldn't man too great,
but they stopped that so much.
And The thing is, see,
once you've had that 250,
you can get it again.
So you, you you have,
you've done this three years now,
you completed it, but three years not all,
but you've already used your 250
allowance, you're not getting that, so.
Yeah. And we could certainly pick that.
Why don't we pick that up as a mark and
Pretty good chair.
just we can start to incorporate what it
actually is work.
By doing it's, yeah.
And potentially see the Farman is where
you need.
Working as we all.
Yeah.
It might, yeah, it might be.
A new different modules, now some of.
The attestation features.
So. So they may not mean but.
But we.
But we can give a check.
Investigate you look.
Interesting. Yeah,
I think it's definitely.
Worth a further conversation.
But you see something even as even
something as simple as you,
as part of the onboarding,
when I get to a certain phase of the
onboarding,
it sends out a little questionnaire for
them to go and they ask those common
questions that any work at work area sort
of.
Assessment. You know,
it might be that you can use some of that
to do an initial trigger as to whether
you send any follow up or don't or
whatever. Yeah,
there's I think it's worth exploring.
And do they keep? It could be,
as you said, I was on boarding actually.
I've left my last phone. My desk is right,
my chair's great.
I have one before you know my previous.
I spent the 250.
It could be triggered at any time.
So in a year's time.
It could be that you could use that 250
at any point,
so you could trigger the request you at
any point of the process, not just.
So,
but that's when you'd you'd back that
with a knowledge article so it and it'll
be something like if you haven't already
Yes.
utilised this service,
there's the opportunity to do XYZ or
whatever you with it,
but I think the caution here is whether
the company wants to actively promote it
or not or.
Whether it's one of those things that is,
you know, when I have an issue,
it then gets you know, it's one of those,
isn't it?
Actually promoted because they need to
pay for the licences on what?
Right. Yeah, they, they, they.
Mark it probably the licencing, not the,
not the.
Yeah, it's not the 250. No, exactly.
It's not the cost of the chair.
It will be the cost of the licence.
So doesn't matter they get add licence or
not, they can't come in the form, yeah.
Yes, could you do?
That at onboarding.
Yeah, it doesn't.
I think it's a good, good.
Point and if you were so, OK,
you've got somebody that.
2250 spell I've got my chair on my desk.
Within their probation period,
if there's no return,
there's no return process or you've left
after a month and we've just spent.
It's just been considered.
It's nothing to.
Ask. OK. OK. Yeah, for you.
No.
Aren't eligible.
No, no FTC.
'S up,
so it's going to be against the PDR.
It's not third party. Yeah, no contact.
Actually.
Yeah, yeah.
Makes sense.
Policy of Deloitte's around COVID time I
got the mail that came out and I looked
at the list of what you could get for
2:15. So the full store in that.
Well, do you know?
What we would recommend to you close them,
right?
Yes, because it's.
Because we've given one example.
Yeah, close it. And the lamp.
It's not cheaper than a blind, yeah.
Just on the topic of work right,
can I just ask about the new and expected
mothers course,
because I'm just thinking again,
Yeah.
could this tie in with ask people and?
Was any sense? So it's a 500.
Yes.
We're just talking.
About the newly expected mothers course
that's triggered from the parental leave.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah,
there's a there's a lot of opportunity
for join up here.
Yeah, that's great.
But that worked like 1 I think is worthy
of,
but we'll join the talk with HR on this.
I'm not seeing.
Yes.
Thank you. I think that's good.
Happy with that.
And use it.
Hello. What's?
Balance history. OK,
so that's their allowance, yeah.
Of what they've spent to date.
And issues chair broke will sell off.
As you said,
the knowledge article will be back into
warranty. That's not your ongoing.
Expiration or a cut off date for when
they use that new, that's what.
We're saying if you look that you're.
Sorry I missed.
Not.
I don't think I will leave.
Your for 11 years and I know we've only
had it since COVID, but like what I was.
What's name?
Five years ago or something.
Signal for some purpose he has to use a
little fast. Yeah. If not,
Business.
he can use it will lose it. So I.
Don't know, OK.
Yeah.
Just do it anytime.
Yeah, that's Richard.
Three times. Yeah. And what if? Sorry,
I just like it out for a minute.
What if your situation has changed?
So let's say if you.
Had a.
Desk you were fine like mail eleven years.
Ago, but you had an accident.
You've acquired a disability. Do you have?
How do you like kink off this process?
That's the workplace assessment.
That's the adjustment, is it?
At all that would come.
Comes through it.
It's probably an issue on an e-mail,
so it comes through it as all our general
period and again that's.
Did you pick up this one?
Yeah. So we would kick it off, so.
We would just.
Basically, follow it to so a new schedule.
I haven't seen the manager,
so she would then just see if you have a
medical certificate. Yes, I do.
And then the the the.
They are over the desk would come in the
hardware chat fine.
If she had an accident, how did? Sorry.
Or if you required.
OK. Quiet disability. Oh, yes, yes,
I don't.
Yeah.
Amendments.
Know.
Ruling the process about the workplace
adjustment, but that does fall into place,
But she was like.
I'm thinking.
Someone recently has had an accident and
they filled out like a workplace adjust,
Been supporting the court.
so it must fall into place somewhere.
So some things that it's triggered really
by that.
Again,
with that we can have a knowledge article
somewhere. You know if, yeah.
Circumstances can do it.
Yeah, you know what? It's it's. See,
I'm getting mail mails claimed on the
screen,
but then she's going to work in Sydney.
She's still.
She's not entitled to the system.
Can you hear me OK?
I said we.
Should do that,
but I suppose as we're we're touching
base and I think we are well aware as DQI
group that we're going to join the docs.
So it could be that you know that you're
moving because it's not a surprise that.
So actually it could be the rules that.
Maybe don't mind that's if you know,
in a month's time you're.
Moving.
Mm-hmm.
Because you might say that the desk is
you're keeping, you know,
buying it's in the house. But equally,
when you're leaving,
your effective end date,
you've got a month's notice.
You can't buy your 250 an hour then.
So we can put some thresholds around
those dates.
For particularly for moving and leaving
to protect you,
that actually you might want to wait till
you move to get the desk or you might you
know you're not allowed it because you're
leaving next month.
Not going to allow you know,
so there could be some rules that we can
protect that purchase.
I think that would come under the rules,
probably under the.
Leave.
Again.
Yep, Yep.
So.
Yeah, I think it's all. Yeah, no.
We can incorporate that in our.
I think it's becoming obvious that we've
got the up flow that actually that these
queries don't even touch you that connect
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
you.
Should we?
Should we try and wrap it?
By half one. Is that reasonable still?
Yeah.
Yeah, the lunch is very good.
OK.
Unless it runs out,
do you want to go some?
Yes.
Lunch.
Yeah. Yeah. Because we've got just,
if you just put the TQ,
I'm of recommendation down.
I think we've got rifles and.
To manage hospitality,
I'll just check on that one.
I think there was one query,
but I think that's.
Yeah.
Just have a quick look at.
Then we're reporting,
but I think we said that we can trigger
those.
Assignments. You know that need to go to,
but they the hospitality might be
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
slightly different,
but you might have some activity around